Your suggestions and recommendations.
Make the food hygienic so we dont find insects in then
Change the menu or make some good quality food 
Flexible mess timings and good tasty food 
If good food is provided we all will not waste food. You guys are not providing quality food and also closing all the shops before 7 so what should we eat. If you guys provide quality and tasty food we wont waste our money on eating outside and eat in mess which will reduce the wastage
Improve taste and make food suitable for people from other states as well 
Avoid too much of oily food like Pooris they can be made just once a week. Also rotis can substitute the parathas for the dinner as most of my hostel mates also dislike the parathas and often prefer rotis.
The shops are being closed at 7.30 everyday and it is rather difficult to always eat mess food. On the days of biriyani, the food is straight up inedible and we have no choice but to eat from outside. If you want the mess to have less food wastage, improve the quality of food in the mess.
Make something tasty to eat 
Please provide some North Indian food other than every day rice and also provide good food.
Provide good quality food the taste of the food is very very very bad we can't able to eat. So try to provide good quality food with good taste.
The servers in the mess should serve the right amount of food and not put excess amount in the plate of the student. This can marginally reduce the wastage.
Food quality is really poor as stated by a lot of students making the mess food hardly eatable.
My suggestion would be to improve the quality of food and also to increase the time for us eat the food.
Mess food quality should be improved 
Keep north indians options also and keep food hygienic 
Nil
Better management in events. Improve quality of food.
Improve the food quality as it's very bad by bringing new items
Nil
Change catering services, change menu, quality should matter, non veg should be served thrice. 
Better management, better taste  and more quantity of everything like chicken, paneer and samosa
people responsible there lacks to maintain the quality of food and hence the taste had become worser when it was at the start
Open Java and other food stalls
Non veg should be there
Prepare less oily food and put more vegetables like paneer
More varieties should be encouraged...
If food quality is improved greatly, people will readily go to mess everytime and food wastage will be reduced by a huge margin
Quality should be improved
Can include more simple food
Coffee 3 times a day, more nonveg options and better quality overall 
Quality
Make food tastier and increase choices
I should say that the breakfast in SRM is little bit good while lunch can also be acceptable but the quality of dinner is the worst. I DON’t like dinner at all at SRM
.
None
No
Please maintain the quality of the food
Just make the food more tastier and try to introduce better food items based on student reviews
Worst mess food I never eaten in college’s 
Better taste>variety
Close the mess please you can't improve it 
Less garlic and make menu a little more intresting 
Less garlic pls, and try and make food fresher
Increase food quality 
Bohot vahiyaad khana
Improve quality of food, for example in Mutter Panneer there's 1 tiny piece of paneer for about 20 peas. Quality improvement is preferred rather than shutting down outlets at 7pm.
Make better food , Improve the cleanliness and hygiene  of the mess and kitchen areas,Reopen Java and other food places
None
Improve the food taste and quality 
Make food better also less crowding
Mess food can be better.
The mess food is the worst. I expected to get a quality food with different varieties for 65k. I have actually wasted my 65k on some trash mess food. And now the management closed Java as to prevent mess food wasting, students prefer to have food from outside than in mess because of the worst quality. Worst. Hopefully y'all improve it for the next batch.
I think u can't do anything because we said about this to you many times prior as what you are making is not good it's just a waste...always same reaction from yours side.
Improve the quality of cook on the roof provided and improve the taste of the food that is been provided so there there will be no waste in the food provided 
Give hygeinic food to reduce wastage
Nil
Please give us good food that has proper taste, hygienic and maybe some varieties where we can take more than once as well
Variety can be increased 
Sometimes food tastes not good,and also I never had a puri crispy. And biriyani is too dry or sometimes it is too clumsy. Aloo paratha is also too dry, and chapathi can be more softer.
We just want tasty and heated food No problem if there are less variety
Food in mess is good.I really like afternoon menu which is much tastier compared to breakfast and dinner.The one thing I suggest is they can change the menu for atleast 2 weeks once and change it again to the previous menu.
Change cooks food and roti quality very poor
N/A
Improve quality of food
I personally feel that the mess food is not upto the mark. Sorry to say this but sometimes the food is just not edible. I would prefer to eat tasty food rather than eating variety of non appetizing food. I would kindly request you to take the needful action and serve us better food. Sorry if my words have been viewed harsh as that was not at all my intent. Thank you.
Please take good care while cooking the food. There are instances insects were found in the food. Maintain the quality of the food.
Reduce the variety of items and focus on improving quality. 
Better quality, better variety, open java
Nil
Change the food items 
Better quality and variety.
Improve food quality to reduce food wastage instead of closing JAVA and all
Extend mess time
To include new varieties of food at least once a week and twice a week in a month not compromising on the quality 
Plates are not cleaned properly sometimes insects are sitting and sometimes food is even sticked on plates.Also they open the 1st floor mess at 7:30 and ground floor mess at 8:20 and if someone comes at 8:10 then he neeeds to go to 1st floor, okay its fine but they take away all food from 1st floor at 8:30 so the person who went at 8:10 have to complete food till 8:30 can't even have food.This happens in dmess so please atleast keep the food so that if anyone needs he can take on his own.
Give non veg daily
Cook better food
The menu can be changed for at least once every 2 months 
Change menu every month, make the process of making food more hygienic, more variety of fruits and vegetables with every meal
Fix your mess
Oily and bad taste food specially biryani
The food in night is very oily especially the maida paratha , madrasi paratha and atta paratha you should change this to roti we need healthy food to be eaten by us daily not oily .
NA
Mushroom should not be included in veg biryani as it is considered non veg for many people
N/A
Just make better food in mess and it won't waste 
Different varities with good quality is necessary for a hostel mess
The mess food is not good in taste 
Improve food quality , and don't make biryani 
Poor quality and taste of food 
Make food more tastier because I feel like most student waste food because it does not have good taste. Also, I believe switching menus from time to time will be more appreciated so that student will not get fed up of eating same food everytime. Another reason is hygiene, often time plates are not cleaned properly and because of that students have been good poisoned few times especially me. Please have non-veg more often as it is as good source of protein. 
The quality of gravies and food items should be improved
Food quality should be improved
Improve taste of food, make sure the mess isn't as crowded and improve hygeine because I I have myself seen hair in food, rats near the kitchen, etc
Nil
Poor quality and taste of food 
N/A
Improve the taste and quality 
Food is very dull, like need to add proper masala. And also all the food items tastes the same atleast change the gravy of different vegetables.
Have better quality food and give more desserts
Make food more tasty
Ensure ways to always get ice cream, i prefer ny icecream after dinner, not before. Also, offer fruits during lunch also
Put less oil in Puri and bake Madras Paratha properly
Menu can be further worked on, instead of having much from south indian cuisine, Quality needs to be improved, lot of times flatbreads are raw, the main course isn't seasoned properly 
Change items and improve taste 
The food is very dull sometimes and there is exactly the same masala in everything it seems. The breakfast and snacks are good but the lunch and dinner are very bad to have sometimes
Most of the times there is WORST food in mess. Bad taste. Now you have closed Java at 7:30, so our only choice is eat the food that we really don't want to or stay hungry 
Plz make the food tasty and edible because there are some pests found on the food
Less repetition of dishes (like having idly/dosa/poori for all three meals), make the kitchen cleaner so there are no insects in food, please try to add more flavour to the dishes, please give more fruits and vegetables with every meal, more dessert options during dinner, please improve the biriyani quality by a lot!
A little increase in the quality of the food.
Would preffer better food than more variety
Nil
Use less masala in dal and other vegetables, and keep simple chapati in dinner , maida is not good for health and doctor has advised me not to eat white flour
Improve the food quality and change the menu as it's boring to eat the same food everyday for the whole year
Include more vegetable dishes that are not only focused on Tamil Nadu, 
Please remove biryani on alternate Wednesday it's the worst of all and max food is wasted!!! Provide seprate mess for North Indians and South Indians especially for lunch I can't afford to buy curd everyday...Please prevent spicy food as I don't have tolerance and it's creating digestion problem and thanks to few years here I might get digestion problem in future.
the food is completely trash and the i never want to go to the mess
Variety in food
Less oily food
Just spend more time cooking the meal cause sometimes it's just served raw
add spoons
Improve the taste 
Increase variety and quality both. We are tired of eating the same shit food everday
Improve food quality 
Please improve quality of food. In the past month, quality has become so bad that we have to go eat outside. Please make it better because it's very depressing to eat sometimes 
The people who serve at mess sometimes just dump food even though told to put little and some days could be be better
Please change the mess menu as soon as possible 
Make less south indian food like sambar and focus on better chappatis and edible sabjis. Also curd quality  is very bad
.
Good 
More Varieties isnt that important, quality is more important than quantity.
Please do something for Sunday's evening menu
First of all, there is no point in closing down the shops because 'food' is being wasted, you should try to understand why it's being wasted, because the food isn't good and the excuse of "making food for quantity will have bad taste" won't work because other colleges like MIT, VIT prepare food for the masses and have very good food + they have their messes in the hostel instead of a joint hostel for 6 blocks, it's ridiculous and impossible to manage. I suggest reducing variety and focusing on the taste of food + having a survey at the end of the week to find the feedback of the students as to, if they enjoyed the food, what could be improved, etc. And more importantly, act upon the feedback instead of it falling on deaf ears. 
Improve the chappatis please. 
Improve quality of food and change menu
Try to make those thing less which are statistically less eaten 
Please give good quality and remove south Indian dishes and add north indian
Make limited variety and increase the quality include salads and fruits in breakfast 
Different varieties and better food and more time
Make sure for no insects or any other creatures in or on the food 
Should work on the quality and the taste of the food.
Improve the food quality 
Pls improve the taste of food
The lunch timings to be extended till 2pm
Please make the a bit more tastier 
None
Kindly make it less spicy and oily. I have seen the food is filled of just oil in it, and that's really unhealthy.
The mess food was good only at the starting of semester , now it tastes so bad and it is un eatable , the chicken got no flesh and it is just bones . The dal is tasteless , dosa is cold and thick and chutney is just water , idli is cold and salty , it is very worse than other mess foods
Change the menu frequently 
A good head chef who can manage a large team to make good food
Also, along with the previous complaint, also note that good food is rarely provided, and when it is provided, the quantity is so less, it's basically like tasking it. When we ask for more THE MESS MANAGEMENT TREAT US LIKE WE ARE BEGGERS AND DONT GIVE US MORE.
White Rice is uncooked many times. PLZ add some spices and it doesn't means chilli powder. 
The mess food right now is absolutely bad. The quality  of the bad is a real downslope and one can only taste spices in the dishes. Requesting for a more better and good dishes instead of large number of varieties 
Please stop chapati and poratha and cook good dosa and idly
Please try to change the menu once in a month and even try to add north Indian dishes to the menu.
.
Time for dinner should be extended and quality should also be improved.
improve menu and food
Better curries or sprouts in salad
Increase the hostel time to 9:30 and make the mess timing from 7:30 to 9 so students can properly have food, thee rest of the extra food be given to soup kitchens so the homeless or orphanges can have them
Monotonous food. Menu can be changed
Food quality should improve. The rice sometimes taste like medicine and the dal doesn't even taste good.. If i were to rate mess food it will be 2 out of 5.
Improve biryani taste 
either make clean and healthy food with less oil, or make mess not compusary with hostel booking
Improve the quality of food and if possible try to change the dishes which is more wasted 
I don't really waste food but better quality of food might help reduce the waste 
Make food good
Less variety is okay, but i think taste is more important
The food at the mess when there are different varieties often tend to be of lesser quality and run out quickly . I would prefer lesser varieties and better quality of food 
Keep changing the menu by eating the same food for weeks we got 
Plz try to use spice and salt a little bit more and try to make fish from all over India  specifically focusing on South India and add spoon too.
Snacks time should be increased and Chinese should be removed, no one eats that.
If the quality is significantly improved, I feel wastage will be reduced 
Sanitation and taste should be improved.
Please just make the food taste better 
Since vegetables are so oily , people including me often think to eat vegetables...so oil should be reduced
Restriction on Java timings isn't going to help 
Food is very poor in taste. Tastier food will also lead to less food wasteage 
Please make sone good food like some changes in northen food
Plzz remove biryani from your menu
Pls provide cold milk in night rather than hot during summer 
Why to make those dish , which people even don't eat . Make something that people likes . And you know what are they
Change in menu and make better food even if less variety is there
Change menu, and increase the size of omlette.
Change vendor/contract learn from universities like OP Jindal, Manipal etc
Food was okay before... But now the quality has degraded and most people including I don't even wanna go sit and eat... 
Give good quality food
Make less varieties and make more tastier
Poor quality 
Why is the dosa so thick and cold? Its supposed to he thin and crispy. Idlies have undercooked batter. No vegetables in "Vegetable Idly". Please return Dal Makhani, it was a good item. Curd rice is sour and too thick sometimes. Please loosen the curd rice. Chicken pieces lack muscle. Please dont add bread to the pulao. Breakfast is perfect, doesn't need any changes. Veg Manchuria (wet) doesnt have vegetables. It is advisable to reduce varieties but please improve the quality of each item.
Please improve the quality of food.
Increase quality of food.
Poor quality 
Please make good dosa, please remove fried rice, its sooo bad, its more like vegetable rice.
Improving the quality of oil used and varieties of food should be changed rather than routine and maintenance of the hostel should improve and should conduct events like hostel day and other events properly and preplandly 
GOOD STILL NEEDS TO BE IMPROVED
Give more sweets and snacks
Try to improve the food quality and taste
Nothing
Make food tastier and open Java till 9
Focusing more on quality should be focused rather than quantity of variety 
Give more sweets 
Please improve the quality and taste of the food. We often find insects in the food, especially in the rice and cook the rice properly. The only place where we can satisfy out tummy is JAVA and other restaurants. the mess food is horrible and anyone can get food poisoning. two of my friends left college as they couldn't eat the mess food and got food poisoning after eating the food provided by the mess. FOCUS ON QUALITY . PLEASE.
.
I strictly suggest to work on food quality rather than quantity as there are like 2 variety of rice and only lemon rice I find is good, the veg khurma is not good like waste. 2 time of food I like is Wednesday dinner and Sunday lunch
Mattar Panner has too much mattar and paneer pieces are cut too small. Dosa is thick. Dosa is supposed to be thin and crispy. Rather than making curd rice, simply provide curd that is not sour, we can mix the curd with white rice ourselves. Chicken curry pieces lack muscle. Veg Manchuria wet doesn’t have vegetables, it’s just a maida ball. Pasta is easier to eat than soft noodles. Dal makhani was great, I don’t know why it was removed. Breakfast items are good, however lunch and dinner items require improvement. It is better to reduce varieties. Make only few essential food items but of good quality. Remove peanuts from snacks. Add soup. Idlies are pasty and undercooked at times. Lastly would like to say kindly make edible food so that I don’t have to waste food and spend money outside. Please.
Absolutely the point is , we need a better taste. varieties of food is not required.   Menus of afternoon and especially night should be changed atleast once in two months ( changeing menu means to change the food items, not to interchange the same food items in the menu)
Improve food quality 
Improve quality
Make edible food and if not possible then don’t close java after 7:30
The Mess is way too retarded It gives way too less optons for north indian people they should Hire Chefs Grom HR05  food plaza in potheri it provides way better food than mess 
Don't cook the ones which many people waste the food, and during evening time encourage giving snqcks for 2 times because in the dinner it is already being wasted.
Make food better and not taste like bad
Hostel Day should be conducted sensibly 
.
Tastier food lesser quantities is the best choice to prevent food wastage.
Mess food is a problem and should be tastier and better hygiene and good variety and great taste
Nil
Food quality should be improved 
My recommendations would be to use less salt in dals and make curry more thick and tastier
Sometimes food quality drops too much. Which increases the chances of diseases.
It would be better if the hostel authorities increase the frequency of non-veg(with pieces) increase from 2 days in a week to 3-4 days in a week. Also, it would be better if they're able to change the menu every 2-3 months so that it does not become very monotonous 
More variety in vegetables 
Just cook better. 
Nil
Mess food to be improved 
None
The food or the varieties you are providing should be according to the tastes that suites everyone. Ask the food comitee about the dishes liked by students. Make that in proper way.... People will surely have it. Give boiled egg everyday
Add curd every day 
Pls make mess better. 
Kindly improve the taste of the food. No need to have so much of extra varieties they all go to waste. Make only 2 things but make them tasty. Please do not keep dishes like idli sambhar rasam in every meal they all go to waste. Try to change recipie of food. It can be changed by using north indian style recipie. I know suggesting these many thing aren't going to affect anything but still i have kept my point. 
The hostel authorities decided not to close all food joints nearby because students are wasting food, this is the most stupid thing I have ever witnessed. Students are wasting food? So let’s bring in more students to waste more food! There must be some genius out there to think of such a brilliant idea. Maybe try making the food quality a little better if you want students not to waste food. We dont want to be living inside of a jail and eat foods dogs eat.
Instead of paratha there should be roti and other curries should be better instead of having more varieties
Inclusion of more North-Indian food(sabzi), less idli in dinner times.
Nil
Give good to people who want to eat 
The food in mess is not adequate in my opinion meaning that i do not prefer the taste 
Food timings should be changed (increased)
Give fruits in the morning
Na
Please provide better food
Improve variety of food keep vegetables 
Pls change mess menu because it has gotten very boring nowadays to eat the same food everyday 
Give varieties with good quality. Not the same food with bad quality
Open java
Open java
Nothing
Do smthing 
Change the menu, people get bored with the same menu,change menu every semester and the wastage will decrease 
Food taste is worse and all the foods are in same taste... repeated booring menu change thst first
Make dal chawal sabzi [normal green vegetables and roti 
NIL
Improve mess food taste
Quality should be improved 
Chicken and mutton nore often if possible 
Monday night good unbearable change menu and breakfast timing should be increased 
Improve food quality and hygiene. Very poor chapati and paratha. Stop biryani and stop producing so much food instead of closing food shops. And increase breakfast timings.
Bring varities 
.
Improve/remove biryani and also increase overall quality of food
Improve Food and open Java atleast give us something to eat
Removal of Biryani and Change of Saturday Dinner.
Serve Non Veg daily
Chapati are not cooked well,Subji is spicy and oily, Dal taste bad, every night has paratha,Madras paratha should be replaced,Give paneer frequently ,Juice should be given everyday in snacks,every alternate day lunch has poori they are very oily ,aloo gobhi should be given
Respected Sir, mprove hostel food quality along with variety.Someday we see mosquitoes insect inside food. Just improve hygiene also.
(1) Make better quality food.  (2) Instruct the mess team to serve how much we ask for, as they always over-serve, which causes wastage of food. 
Make the food quality more better and tasty
Hygiene issues, no cutlery provided, too crowded,etc
quality of food could be improved
quality over quantity 
Food needs to be tastier
Introduce more tasty food rather than bringing out ten bland varieties
Tho I've mentioned above that varieties can be reduced for more taste , some kind of difference should be there in dinner especially and not the same parotta , chapathi. also poori and chapathi should be reduced often 
None
Improve food quality.  There is no taste in food. Even not able to eat chapattis because of poor quality. 
More dishes related to paneer 
Pls give chicken unlimited 
->Dont give poories in lunch ->remove the items from menu which are wasted often->add some noth dish
Better quality
Let there be more portion to eat 
The food is not tasty, hygienic. You see rats roaming around in Sannasi. Cockroaches are a common sight now. Food preparation is poor. I have had food poisoning twice from eating from mess. The so called “special menus” provide better food but without hygiene. It’s a better option for me to eat out than to eat at Java
Very bad food taste and quality 
More varieties and good taste 
Improve dinner on tuesday 😞
Make better food
Mess should provide food delicious. It should provide food like m block. Why to distinguish between boys and girls 
Change the quality and the management who is responsible for the mess
Quality and taste is not upto the mark 
Mess can be clean and timings can a bit lenient 
Please make good food 
Such a bad food,it was good in the starting of the year....as the time passes the taste of the food is worst
Please revert Java timings
To have more better options for food.
Less variety more quality and hygiene 
NA
.
The food is really bad and needs to change, noodles and paneer butter is good but everything else is bad
The most important suggestion proper Hygiene to be maintained and On Sunday  evening  also tea should be provided  and we should be allowed to take extra sweets as i am a sweet lover
Vahiyat khana maat banao
Can reduce the varieties, can increase the taste of food, can provide items which are consuming highly for example they can provide curd even in night, etc
Focus on having something different at dinner rather than giving recipes of breakfast 
Food is good on few days and sometimes not eatable  
If food is of Good quality students will never waste food. Due the quality of the food only they tend to waste food, they think the food is great and get some and after eating that only they get to know the quality of food is worst. I personally say the butter masala you give that's the same evey week not even a different only sweet and you say that you change time table every two month but your actually interchanging the food menu. Instead of telling the java and other shop keepers to close after 7 30 you please try to improve the quality of food. In some college in tamilnadu who pay way less mess fee than use get very good everyday like egg everyday and changing mess table after every month.
Less oily, don't put bread in rice and we need good in taste 
Along with more quality and more varieties also... 🥲
Food quality should be improved.
Less time for food plus very poor management. 
Its good
. 
The food quality of the mess is very bad .....Please look after it
Daily sweets, meal maker curry on more days
Increase the number of variaties
Better masala usage cause all of the items taste the same and have the exact taste and also the the quality of the masala is bad.neber been a day where I've had food in the mess and I've been happy.
Please improve the quality of food. It is really bad like we can't eat so we have to throw it away. 
Please improve the food. My cattle eat better than me sometimes. 
The food is very bad and especially the food for luch is shit!
Please maintain hygiene and make the food tastier and with good quality 
Very bad food variety and taste ,specially chicken and paneer 🤮🤮
Improve food quality
The food quality should be improved. It becomes very tough for students to eat after having a very hectic day in the campus. According to me this is the only reason why people are wasting such huge amounts of food daily.
Prapare tasty food 
Lunch should be more good please 
Lunch food should could be much better, dinner is okaish
🤮🤮Very bad variety and taste ,specially chicken and paneer 
poor quality of food
They should make less food but it should be something that a person can eat
Everything is nice except lunch , lunch is not at all good 
Focus on  Quality over Quantity.
Focus on quality rather than quantity
Food can be made more tastier. In my opinion Manchurians should be removed from menu as I don't find it even a little bit tastier. Dosa can be made better. Chutneys taste should also be good. Anddd most importantly there should be some fry/fried sabjis 
Use less oil 
Improve the quality of food
Eating food is not tasty.  Instead give less food but whatever you give please give quality tasty food
Make it a bit tasty and hygrnic
Try to be more hygienic. Focus less on variety and more on quality. And the worst thing is Dinner is the absolute worst you've got. Also please remove that Punjabi Paratha and Madras Paratha from the menu, no one likes that.
Please be more hygienic always gets diarrhoea from here
I think according to me if the food quality is somewhat good then there will be no wastage of food
Make good quality food we are paying 60k for food and expect good food but the quality is not that good.Pls improve
Please make food quality good ... 
Many food items are not eaten by any students. They can be removed from the menu and the dishes that are served should be made better
1 give the leftover food to any org/feed it to needy.
Please allow paneer with chicken and increase the no of nonveg days
Give more chicken pieces and improve taste and include north food
Stop giving veg biryani that taste very bad
Food is not good. 
Make Food Tasti
Nowadays mess food became very worst comparing  to the first semester it have been good over that time. Among snacks the quantity is less. More than that many of us disappointed with hostel day food where we can't able to get. So if you people really disappointed with the food wasting by us, change the menu and improve more quality and more than that don't allow any workers to serve rice 
Managment of mess should be better and air ventilation too
Improve food quality
Stop giving more variety. Give tastier food
Make better food, food in mess is worse than shit, you can't eat that kind of thing daily and so much excessive use of spices which are not needed, specially those aloo parantha and biryani, on the day when they are made i don't even think of stepping inside mess, who can even make such poor quality food
Can have healthy snacks like fruits 
Srm's mess food is the worse. I would rather prefer to die with hunger instead of eating the mess food.there is no taste in the food and is half cooked at least cook it properly 
give chappati everytime not that madras parantha and punjabi parantha. none of the chefs knows how to make those paranthas so stay on chapatis only. Also. what you serve in lunch should be served as dinner cause it’s really good.
Do a Survey like this of what students want to eat from the mess menu
Even after paying 65000 rupees for just 8 months of mess food , There is no quality , there is no taste , mess looks so unhygienic , there is no proper crowd management techniques used due to which I stand in queue for 10 mins on a a Paneer day , I would for sure not have taken mess if there was a choice , JUST WASTE OF MY PARENT'S MONEY , and these all are the major reasons why people don't like your mess food. And we are literally paying 60k per person in which we should get both : 1) quality and 2) variety ...mess management is so poor
Try cooking food properly pls.
Please improve your lunch menu I used to go to mess and have my lunch but after a week I left going for lunch because I hate your menu for lunch please focus on that and Improve the quality of paneer and the size of paneer in mattar paneer and please learn how to manage the mess when the mess filled with students the all fight like dogs to take their ice cream and chicken I hope you understand because we are paying for this and please we deserve good food with good management 
The non veg should have more meat...its only bones nowadays
Please improve the arrangement of food serving
Food quality can be improved greatly and mess timings can be altered.
Please improve the food taste 
Food is worse ,no taste ,you can rather decrease the items and maintain quality and taste.
Mess timings should be longer, and food should be of better quality rather than having more varieties 
Please improve the quality of food 
Very bad food
According to me,food wastage has nothing much to do with the mess.The mess is giving good quality good with a lot of varieties.I rarely waste food,and that is only when if I have some problem.As per me,the mess should take some measures to reduce the food wastage,like those who waste food should be fined.Food should be segregated systematically and sufficient food should be given to the needy.Food wastage should be reduced.
More tastier
Food improvements  needed
Sir firstly u conver mess into air conditioning i ensure the footfall of people will increase and u can improve the the quality of food rather than so much varities 
Mess food is thrash first teach them how to cook....literally insects r coming from the food....no hygiene nothing simply disgusting....
All food tastes the same
Decrease the variety and make the food better and hygiene 
Just increase quality of food , wastage will decrease
We have complained so many time about the mess food but it doesn't get any better. We have paid 65000 for mess but I have not visited mess more than 70-80 times because the food quality is so poor . Please improve 
Introduce more sweets and make some good fucking food.
Dont repeat the food menu weekly twice or thrice it brings the students a mindset of eating same thing daily. Give juice instead of tea coffee in snacks.
The server who gives food should serve less they serve more than required and please increase the food quality and taste . 
Should improve food quality and taste
I've always wanted to say this. Finally got an opportunity. The reason for wastage of food is none other than low quality of food. If the food is good, I'm sure no one would want to eat from canteens. We certainly feel that the food items that are in the menu and even quality are not upto the mark. For 65000 that we're paying, we deserve much more better food. Sambar should be improved. Rice items such as biryani, fried rice, pulao should be improved significantly. We don't want to waste our money by eating out either. Pure Curd should be provided everyday rather than curd rice. I'm more than happy to come to the mess if the quality improves. I'm certainly disappointed that the quality of food we're getting for 65000
Please change your cook and try to focus on the quality of food else the day wont remain far when the food inspector of Govt pays a visit. 
Dont give us veg biryani, no veg guy likes it
none
Make it tasty and increase food with more protein 
Taste is very bad if the taste would be better then I would eat everyday, we just paid 65,000 for mess and the food is so worse
The food is very bad!! The quality of food is directly proportional to wasting of food.. Also
Make good food.
Quality of food is inversely proportional to wasting of food, increase in quality of food results in decrease in wasting of food
The quality of food is inversely proportional to wasting of food... The quality of food is very bad so according to the equation the wastage is more 
Give chicken more often , and improve the food quality for god sake , specially the biriyani.
The food from mess is good. I want it will be good if we get seasonal fruits like mangoes, apple etc.Thank you.
Improve taste and hygiene
Northing new
Use less oil in the food, peel the garlic sole and then include in the preparation of food
They are providing limited non veg that too if they provide only one time around three pieces of chicken only available.the provide is not too much spicy.they are providing non veg gravy for namesake only  there is no piece in that and the taste is not good . They are offering the food only for one round only like some person require more than one time means they are not providing. 
The main reason for the food is being wasted is not students from eating outside, its the quality of food and variety half of the items are not edible. The most probable solution would be to increase the quality of food rather then variety.
The quality of food is very bad so try to increase the quality over quantity and variety we just need good food to eat not more food.
Variety should be more and also make less food so that wastage will also reduce 
Think before doing something and do in favour of all
Quality food rather than quantity 
Less variety but better food quality would be more appreciated (for lunch, dinner is fine and breakfast is satisfactory), snacks could be better if it wasn't limited, its understandable that it has to be limited but the snacks food is wasted anyways so why not give as much as the students need to satify their hunger
Make goood food....we are paying for it!!!!!! NOTE: Also Mess Staff behave very rudely all the time like we are eating for free...shame on them
Instead of implementing pointless rules like closing of Java foodcourt at 7:30, start working on the betterment of the food quality and hygiene. 
Mrng tiffen is not good to eat. We want curd in lunch and dinner instead of curdrice&butter milk.insufficient carrots and kheera.we don't want more varieties of food,we just want a delicious food with minimum varieties.
The food quality is very bad They don’t even give us extra food  they should give non-veg everyday or every alternate day 
Please dont repeat same type of food everyday green peas are given every alternative day please don't do like this ,keep less variety but don't repeat same menu
Please make better food and concert on quality, day by day the quality is degrading. If you have lots of food left contribute in some food donation. 
Let it be self service, the helpers give us more food than necessary 
Cook better food, work on quality and hygiene rather than variety. 
better chapatis 
Good food should be provided
..
Need to keep some tastier food and should keep atleast sambar good . Nowadays nothing is tasting good even butter milk. My only request is to make the sambar atleast tastier and keep it at every meal like roti.
With due respect, we get appropriate variety of food. For vegetable curries there's no proper vegetable and it's mostly too oily and too spicy and i restrain from taking. I would happily eat from mess if the food was eatable after 2-3 bites of it. I respect the concern of food waste issues here but first things first to reduce food waste in hostels especially in girls hostel there should be healthy quality of food that is to be served putting aside the food being tasty here. I would always choose my health over the food that is served in my hostel(m block).
Nil
Please give food with some more good quality 
N/A
...
I see the quality of food deteriorating every other day, even the utensils aren't cleaned properly, the dishes that are usually made tastier have started tasting weird. I would suggest recommend not keeping so many varieties of curries since most of the time the dry curries are not eaten by all, mostly prefer the gravy than the dry curries 
Worst North Indian food and very oily dishes and veg menu is very less on name of protein and as well roti are not good 
Required: Better hygiene, better quality of food, better crowd management 
Focus on the taste of the food and the quality 
Open shops again ty
Pls make better food with better hygiene 
Improve the dinner, don't like the different types breads need simple roti, sometimes it's ok but daily not good and on Wednesday don't only make biryani also make roti or something 
Food can be better and more tastier. make less variety and tastier and healthier food
Please change the mmenu
The food right isn’t good at all, aloo puri isn’t even edible, please improve the standard of the food, I don’t even go to mess regularly due to the same reason. 
None
Food should be healthier and tasty as well
Nothing
The food is good but it is repetitive. It is good if the menu doesn’t get very repetitive.
It would be great if we have extended mess timings especially for afternoons since we sometimes cannot come earlier it might take till 3 
Kindly improve the quality of chapattis, they are very raw and tasteless to eat. Breakfast we are offered is the best meal of the day
Please cook the food properly sometimes they are not roasted properly 
Improvement in food quality. 
Need to improve food quality and taste 
Hygienic food with less oil would be better
Increase the quality 
Please increase the food quality and ventilation in mess 
Change the variety of food... 
Reschedule the menu according to students opinion 
Just keep the most relevant food items its just that improve the taste that is what all matters
Food is not up to mark.
Food is very bad
North and South Indian mess should be separate 
Good food is available
No
Give South food 
We need south food and south food taste
The dosa could be little thinner and crispy 
Try to add south Indian dishes there are too much north indian dishes try to balance both
No
good combination of food
Make more tasty food, so that we dont eat outside
Separate mess for north and south indians
Increase quality and taste of the food
Change menu freequently. Repeated menu don't make intrest to eat 
Cook the food properly 
Quality over quantity
Change the menu and better taste is expected 
Please improve quality
Kindly improve the quality of the food. Give less items but make sure it is eatable 
Kindly Improve the Quality of the food. Give less items but make sur quality is good 
Make food taste better and not the same everyday 
Simple vegetable curry or sabji rather than 3 varities. Less Puri in menu
Increase the food quality and then increase the quantity 
Improve food quality 
Keep some south indian style foods
This are the questions not to be asked this should be done already .change ur chef who can make food of North Indian taste this taste will v ok for all waste of food is done something when you all make um necessary food which no one eats u can decrease the quantity make 2 sabji only but increythe quality nd taste of the food so we can have it and satisfied with the food and we won't have to watse food or money to go out for the meal 
Nothing 
Improve food quality 
The menu should change on monthly basis 
As of now there are less varieties still the food is not up to the mark
Improve food quality...not food items
Haa
No quality in food and curries
Quality must be increased and more nutritious food must be provided. Especially egg. also south Indian varieties must be increased.
Make good food in mess for us to not waste food 
Can improvw
Prioritise quality over quantity 
Make the food tastier
Taste of food is not good
Happy
There is no curries so keep atleast one or two good curries 
Please make tasty food, the current food taste is bland like the one served to patients. 
Actually chappaties are not good, even when the menu changes they not change it just move it randomly on some other days, the food is worst like biryanis and all sometimes very spicy the veg biryani. Chappaties should be improved and sabji also. Only curd rice is good. Quantity is not important quality should be improved. Paneer and all are totally worst 
Very oily food and very much tasteless 
Try to make the food tasty
The mess food is completely a north orientataed one. How can a person from south eat chappathi three times in a day.Please make sure you change it.
Increase the mess timings
Good taste please
Should Improve the quality, taste of the food. I suggest to have the pool regularly at the end of the day to know about the food so that it's helpful to improve next time . 
Food requires more quality and taste
Please update the mess menu, include more variety. Or else improve the food quality served. Its very poor
Change menu
I never waste food but the quality of the chapatis and some other dishes offered are not good... It is not cooked properly. A huge portion of it is in burnt or in cooked which is disappoining.
Worst food
Poor food make it tastier
Day by Day food quality is very poor 😕, Worst Service . I'm suggest you to change the food menu or Provide good food quality 
None
None
Remove the dishes that r not consumed by many students
.
Prefer quality over quantity. Would also prefer if the menu keeps changing.
The food must be tastier and pls change the menu every month
Roti/chappatis are not well cooked, please consider increasing the food quality 
They only thing I feel most worse is they mess simply waste afternoon poriyal my making it that much awful. I dont know that they even taste that shot or but the taste of poriyal is more than worste taste
Please wash plates . Give good food……
Remove few varities and add few varities
Food must be something taht should taste. No doubts that making for such a large quantity is can make food worse but still. Some basic taste should be there.
Change the mess food 
Plates are not washed properly.
There are no varieties actually , daily routine food (especially poori ) at lunch .as you are collecting more fees for food, I would prefer more variety with more taste .
NA
Improve the good quality please
Make it more tasty
Cook tastier food
Please make chutney less watery. Make sure roti is soft and thin. Tuesday, Friday dinners are the worst. Make dosa thin. Please delete the chinese menu on friday. Please m V
Make food good rice is not properly cooked and change the fried rice 
Keep rotis every day and remove parathas from dinner. 
Excellent 
Severe food quality on ever day schedule, Non veg variety are too bad have to concentrate on quality
Please provide chicken biriyani every week 
there's no use when the quality of the product is whereversed then what's the necessary of varieties in it
Average
 Needs better management of people 
First of all improve the food you're giving to the student , cuz the quality is really bad most of the times.
Use good quality of ingredients 
Make properly 
Better food
To make food of quality, to be tasteful and to focus on quality not quantity 
Better
Give better food, improve dal, roti , make better north indian food , balance strong spices in food 
Everything is fine apart from few dishes
NA
-
Improve the food quality 
Kindly change Wednesday and Thursday lunch menu . Add vegitables more instead of curry
More non veg .quantity better quality. biriyani better 
Include Tamil foods often!! Dosa and parotta might be a lot better?
Increase food quality,Make roti smaller and softer like PF hostel mess
I think it would be better if we have more serving tables like then people can easily take 2nd time if they want otherwise they puttingto avoid again getting into line
Make atleast single North Indian style dal or vegetable daily 
Spice should be less and oliy poori should not be there
..
Chapathi should be more soft compare to now
The food is undoubtedly nutritious, but clearly the taste can also be emphasized to a certain degree.
fed up eating same menu every month , change the after 3 months 
The rice which u cook should be good
Mg
N/A
More quality rather than varieties 
Foood is not at all tasty please make some different varieties with good taste
Mg
Friday dinner is worst and some time food is good in Wednesday 
Must improve the quality of food 
More non veg food
Improve taste and quality
tasty food
Supply good and healthy food not  unhygienic increase the number of non veg item don't repeat the same variety of food
.
Being from north India, the taste of the cuisine expected is far worse than expected. Better taste would attract more students.
Everyday dosa or idly would be nice and don't add too much water to buttermilk 
Good food quality 
Please make the mess food eatable it doesnt taste good at all we do not get the quality as per the price we pay better make it tastier
Food used to be tasty in the beginning.. but the taste kept gradually decreasing.. if taste will be maintained well, there would be a lot less wastage of food.
.
Please improve the quality and taste many times I ate outside by looking the food 
Please make curries which actualyl taste different. The different curries made in the mess taste the same regardless of different names
Improve quality of food and taste too
Imporove mess standards and the place where we eat. Stop treating us like animals and start treating the people as humans. No advantage in enforcing the closure of JAVA shops before 0730pm, instead improve your food quality so that no one needs to go to java
Improve the quality of food make less items but good atleast vegetables should be good and keep some good chefs these all are waste chefs 
Change the staff and bring new chef's from north
Improve food quality 
Food given is decent but it is pathetic on some days. Especially the biriyani.
Food is to be tastier 
Mess should provide us :-well baked chapati(with butter),  dal without tadka for the people who are ill,  analyse which sazi or sweet people are throwing and stop serving those dishes - dishes to be supplied - allu parata with dahi, gatte ki sazi, tomato ki sazi which are cheap and healthy and tasty as well
No taste 
Change paneer butter masala
Nil
Food quality isn't very good, food is served undercooked at times
No
There's no point 
More quality food than quantity
Improve food taste 
I think students will like to have quality food and about varity , they might get bored by eating same food every day so some changes in 2 to 3 months is fine.
Rotation and addition of food variety 
Nsj
Quality of food is very poor somedays not able to eat properly. Improving food quality is very much recommended. 
We won't get these many varieties in any other collage.you ae giving the best . But it is not tastier good
Nothing
Change the menu time ti time
Make it tasty 
Nil
Change the masala for side dishes 
Need food taste 
No quality 
Add some more items 
Crowd management
Crowd Management
My suggestion is to serve properly in line thats enough. 
1. Bringing back bajji instead of vada could be a better choice of snack as the vada that is being provided currently isnt good and tastes like a combination of 2types of vadas (2) the tamarind rice provided tastes very bad,thereby , bringing an alternative for it would be better (4) providing poori and pongal on saturday is kinda overwhelming and thus, any one of them could be provided on Saturdays and other one could be provided on either friday or thursday (5) corn could be replaced with samosa again
If food is getting wasted because students are not coming, then reduce daily production of food because they will find ways to get food from outside
Nil
Please tell your cook to fry chapatis properly they give chapatis half backed and this became the main reason of wastage 
Make less but cook see that to give equal priority to all
Refund money
Change a cuisine wach week
NIL
I waste very very less amount of food  As this is a mess i agree they cook similar to all messes but i feel if morning brekfast puri is avoided it would be good for health   And  nonveg should be provided two times instead of once as we eat it only twice a week. Apart from that everything is okay.
Doing a jood job keep it up
Nil 
Food should taste better rather than just giving name . Try to focus on the natural and real taste of that food.
Give curd afterwards and night
Stricter norms, better maintenance of hygiene, 
We need curd daily , hope you are not using medicine for fruits, if you do please don't do it 
no
Need different varieties each day or week by week and quality of food needs to be improved and coming to d mess poor maintenance 
The curries are like water , they should more focus on make good varities of curry and quality food which tastes better ,sometimes mess food is good and sometimes its worst
All dishes tastes similar
Make better food
Rather than closing all the shops in the campus improve the taste and quality in mess. Automatically the wastage will reduce.
Less rice would be nice
More quality than quantity!
The quality decreased over time literally after one month the food was bad because of this i tend to eat outside by spending my own money i can see the hotels inside the hostel full all the time it is because of the quality of the food it is very bad and should be improved 
Prepare food in quality and tasty 
Variety should be same improve the taste, and hygiene i have seen the kitchen from outside no one is supervising flies and sitting on roti rolls and ants are found in banana. No proper hygiene is followed serving is closed after 8 so there a whole long line and the serving guys are chit chatting all the things are made in south indian style ie it should be what the food dish is 
To cook and serve us a very good food for the children rather than decreasing the time of food court it means Java 
We can improve the tase and with some South Indian foods 
Change the curries,samber is not good
Make better, then no one will waste
Keep good chef.
Keep good chief 
Make food of good quality and good quality.
Inprove food quality and give spoons to eat. 
Vegetable should be made properly they add too many masala and also spoons required 
The quality and taste needs to improve like a lot .
Food taste is so bad, better to improve it
Change the food 
Change of food . Avoid noodles on friday . 
The taste of the food is not good so better change the mess 
Give some good food and quality and variety of food
Increase the food test quality and quantity so wastage will reduce 
Maintain quality and tasty food
Keep less varieties in curries and rice but please make it tastier
-
Pls give food that is both tasty and healthy. The food is not at all in a good taste pls improve so that we can eat in mess regularly 
need improve taste of food little bit spicier
Need k ramp food 
Improve quality and taste 
Better quality food 
Quality needed 
Cook good food
Very poor food
Foods taste is bad 😔
Im prove the varieties of the food change the menu’s atleast for a month
At least like from Chowdary mess in potheri
Cook South India food in good quality and taste 
Either provide a good food or collect the fees separately for both mess and hostel 
We are even getting cockroaches and othe insects in our food. We are paying ₹60000 for mess the least thing we expect is better quality.
Pls check the quality of food so that there aren't any insects in the food. We would like to eat healthy food and there has been increasing number of insects seen in thee food from last 2 weeks 
I the quality of the food is very bad and need more variety in the breakfast 
Give chole bhature at night also.
Please provide good food 
Chicken quantity should be increased 
Most of the peoples are wasting lunch food the reason is because the side dish(vegtables) are always in tge manner of fusion i mean mixing of two three veggies in it,pls make to use 1 vegetable for example if your making potato fry use only potatoes and peas dont add anyothrr vegetable thats not suitable for it and thia is my suggestion and pls update the mess menu for atleast once in every month so that no one will waste or go oit for java 
Try to provide southern foods and reduce oil 
Make some tastier food than concentrating on varities
Our mess food is not that much good that's why most of students waste the food rather than to finish it.please change quality of food because we payed money in mess but we have to eat outside from restaurant so it means we are wasting our money mess.
Food was not specie 
Please make food menu flexible for South Indian also .The food menu is more likely for North Indians and that is a big issue
We need quality good food not varities and change in snacks menu
Nall sapadu poduga da please da mudela da kasu javlayea  karaiuyhu da 
Quality should be improved 
Yeah fix your food.... Your briyani is total shit. Dal taste weird sometimes, Change the flavour of jam in the morning, add a little bit more or a little big pieces of paneer in mattuar paneer. Change icecream favour, All in all make some improvement...please... and open java and groceries shop
Not satisfied our foods
No
Please change Sunday snack menu
1)Please include different side dishes that are tasty. People who have white rice often don't have enough side dishes in the days of veg biryani, curd rice etc. The only side dishes available those days are salads.    2) Please serve eggs everyday. Eggs are a great source of protein and serving them just twice a week isn't enough. Many people needs eggs for weight gain. Especially our hostel food lacks protein supply   3) Please include fried items of chicken or fish in our diet.   4) Please include beef in the menu if possible. By saying this, I don't mean to offend anyone. Red meat is perfect for weight gain and it is necessary for people who have lost above 15kgs by having hostel food.      5) Please serve chilly chicken on non veg days.      6) And the best way to avoid food wastage is making payment for mess food optional when people opt for hostel rooms during the time of payments.  
Food taste is  should be improved 
Food is good as well as good for health 
Food can be good
It's ok even the food items are less pls make it little tastier we are unable to eat the present food it's not at all nice
I have eaten worst quality of food here in the hostel. The quality should be far more increased and varieties should be added with rotating menu.
I observed that a lot of people ( including my friends ) are wasting food. Due to some reason like. 1 Food quality is not good, I feel that our 80% of food waste occur due to this reason. 2 when they are taking food they feel that they will eat all the things but in between they realised they are not able to eat that much.
Increase non veg because non veg is wasted less  and it provides adequate protein food quality must be improved with the use of north Indian spices as north indians dont prefer south indian food on regular basis and not soo spicy too i am from m block my hostel option isnt there 
Expecting for better food quality 
Change menu frequently,  maybe once in a month. Change curries, Im bored of paneer butter masala and pea curry and all others, make mutton once in month.
I want good quality of food,and tasty 
Mess quality should be improved
none
Waste food , get better lmao skill issue
Change some afternoon food and increase the food taste 
Present food is good enough. Just give us more quantity in snacks
Repeated same menu is quite boring. Would encourage adapting different menu every week.
Change the menu card.......
Bring some changes to the menu
Not consistent on taste but consistent on dishes. Even if fewer options,better to mix it up. And taste is sometimes really good sometimes not. 
If the food tastes better no one will go to java..stop acting like these and focus and make better food
Taste of the food should be better so there will be a great chance of reducing the wastage of food
good quality, more variety needed
no other suggestions 
Please add more intercontinental dishes in the mess menu
Higher cooks not anybody 
Make good food 
Add butter in snacks time also and allow us to toast it, and make tastier food so wastage would be less or no
Please change the mess time table food is not that much great and open canteens at night time
Instead of closing shops make quality food
I don’t like the Chinese food. And the veg biryani 
Quality food
Should either improve biryani or remove it
Bring sweet puff back on Wednesday, put proper salt in daal
Boring menu and everything tastes the same
Make the food taste good
Quality should be improved
Sir they should take data of every which particular food is wasted more then any other good. Most of times birayani wasted more by the students and even students go to mess when biryani in mess. And the day we join srm and till now same food we have every week so many of student don’t like to like to eat now . So the thing is we need tastier and after some period of we need variety as well also .
Make it simpler
Im sorry to hear food is being wasted i would say make lesser food in general 
Change menu and make the mess food taste better 🙏🙏
These days food choice can be better: 1) Monday - lunch, 2) Tuesday, Saturday, Sunday - dinner, 3) Thursday lunch poori can have lesser oil. 
Just make the food edible at least 
Please keep the mess hygienic, improve food quality especially the rice and chappati 
Most times hostel food is causing health issues
Pls change the cuisine and try cooking good south indian food too cuz we also are a part of SRM.
:((
Improve food quality and change of the menu of the mess on some intervals
Keep it hygiene and improve the management 
more variety more quality 
During the hot season poori can be avoided as it increases the heat on our body. Curries could be more better
Increase food quality and varieties 
Quality improvement 
Add extra curries for lunch and dinner, please avoid giving poori at lunch.
Please add milk on biryani day, veg biryani has bad taste and very dry. It is very important for vegetarian people. Please provide spoons. Milk is not avaliable everyone. Sometimes we have to wait half an hour. Please have roti/chapati everyday, even on Sunday, punjabi parathi is very bad quality. After 8:30 many times there are no fruits or the bad left overs only. Please extend mess timing to 9:30. Many students have labs till 9pm and cant get food. Please clean plates and glasses properly they have old food and stains many times. 
My recommendation - If food is wasted above 100 kg daily for a week that mess should close not shops after 7:30. Suggestions - Jain food should be cooked regularly for all students since it's quality is impressive and has enough potential to feed students well before going to class. 
Don't waste food 
Well it should have lesser items and the quality should be good , as you know there is north and south people which obviously have different cuisines so you should have different mess for both south and north people. 
The food is horrible, and the same variety of pulses is given everyday. Besides that its unhygeinic too
Would be better to eat something that you can eat than a lot of things that you can't,
Everything is fine no problems with food and quality 
Good food . No problem or complaints from my side . Mess timings could be from 7 pm to 9:30 
Try some new varieties 
The quality of food is very bad. At least make the food edible. There is no taste in the food provided. 
Worst food and very less variety
More over all the food provided in the mess are good but sometimes it is not upto the taste we are expecting .change the Friday dinner menu the noodle and veg rice are not good 
Food are same from 6 month it is very bad and sometimes they have no taste 
Open Java after 8 pm
Please provide us good food
Worst taste and low quality.
....
No
From Monday to Wednesday food is not that good
Quality is more important than quantity and variety .
Please make Andhra type varieties.
Improve taste ..thats the only concern 
Improve the quality of food 
1.Avoid cabbage in fried rice and noodles as it is spoiling the taste .      2. Please provide plane milk during snacks time 🙏🏻🙏🏻
NA
Even one variety with good taste is enough 
POORI is made about 4 times a week and is very oily and is stale.would be good if POORI is reduced.I request to add egg to diet about 3 times a week and also RAJMA related dishes
Mess management is very poor......workers are tooo lazy........food is not at all tasty
First of all buy a roti maker or something. Chapati is so thick to eat. Secondly change mess workers coz they are incompatible and not efficient. We have to wait long in lines and waste our time. Last suggestion don't arrange any function like hostel day as mess workers were literally throwing food and plates and serving like we never saw food. These are the reasons that make us revolt and waste food. Do we give 65000 for this?? If I get 65000 and eat outside for one year firstly they will treat us properly secondly food quality is 100x times better. One more suggestion try to make mess complementary and management will be shocked to see only 10 to 20% students opting for mess . Hence a lot of food saved...
Give nice food …. Don’t give old chappati and all 
Poor quality and less variety of food 
Ver very very pooooooorrrrr quality of food qnd taste weekly 4 to 5 days
Ok
There is no spicy in food 
First of all buy a roti maker or something. Chapati is so thick to eat. Secondly change mess workers coz they are incompatible and not efficient. We have to wait long in lines and waste our time. Last suggestion don't arrange any function like hostel day as mess workers were literally throwing food and plates and serving like we never saw food. These are the reasons that make us revolt and waste food. Do we give 65000 for this?? If I get 65000 and eat outside for one year firstly they will treat us properly secondly food quality is 100x times better. One more suggestion try to make mess complementary and management will be shocked to see only 10 to 20% students opting for mess . Hence a lot of food saved...
Let the student have option of not choosing hostel food 
Change the menu of Thursday breakfast and lunch,Saturday lunch
We don't need different varieties we need quality 
Make more tasty and delicious food
We need quality with varieties.. Taking up mess fee fee you should try to change the style of food and taste...
We just need a hygenic food. All we have is food with incests and worms
Chinken tandoori,c
Food is not so good on few days .
Food menu need some changes . While preparing food menu consider all states of people
food taste is sometimes good and sometimes times worst
Chutney is watery...fruits are too small and they are giving us only one banana
Replace the chiefs 
Need curd daily
Make less food.because you can understand how much required for the students.makeing more food and throwing dustbin is bad.please Change this
Hhh
NO suggestions 
less varities but good taste
Try to change the chef weekly so that taste will change no one gets gets bored of food 
No
Change the cooking team
Change the quality of food 
Should improve quality and tasty food 
No taste , they are focusing only on varities, but not on food quality
We need more varities with very good taste 
Food is worst, can't eat 
No
Please include Andhra style dishes in the menu and try to recruit Andhra pradesh chefs for cooking those particular dishes
Make less varieties and make special food more frequent in a week like biriyani.
Make good. Food
First change the food quality, the milk taste really awful sometimes.Use less mada parattha make good roti 
Make good rotis make it thin. Give proper krispy dosa once a week 
Add mutton and fish
Please improve food taste . It's is not upto the mark taste
Waste food 
Add mutton and fish and concentrate the foods on Tamilnadu culture 
The quality is very bad and sometimes it will be good and also the main thing is keeping dosa very frequently we can eat that dosa and the quality of that dosa is very very very poor. And also the tiffen is not at all good. Every day we are just eating bread. And afternoon we are just eating 1 chapati and night time most of the students are not at all eating. 
Good quality please
Food doesn't taste good.
Make the food tastier. Current food taste very bad and i often sleep hungry.
The food is very bad in taste and causing food poisoning. I suffered from food poisoning it should be hygienic and expecting proper and good taste of the food. Please change the menus every week vice and versa. There is inequality for many mess other hostel of girls and boys mess like piere forchard are getting nice quality of food.
Train your cook better
Can be cooked more tastier. 
If you make self serving then they will take more and eat less, if the mess members will serces the food they willnserve less and will tell to come after completing only. And one more thing ,food must be cooked tasty ,now a days taste gone worse,and changing a lit bit of new menu takes attraction ,also be clean ,ask all people of polling for the menu such that the more polling gives you what they are focussing on ,and extend the mess timing more time
Better quality of Food and Curries and a change in the Food menu 
NA
Need quality food and variety items 
Please change the menu as we are from other states we are unable to get addicted or able to eat the food and even the taste is worst
Food quality can be improved 
pls make good food because food quality and taste is worst that's why everyday foods are waste in bulk pls change the food taste and provide chapati in place of paratha and pls don't put too much lasoon
Change the menu, make it a bit of surprise. Don't make a schedule for mess.everyday it should be something new but not according to the schedule 
Try keep more food item , if u thing food is wasting cook less than required but you have improve food quality 
Just focus quality of good
Keep curd daily 
Flavourful food 
Improve food quality, current ones periodically causes Food Poisoning. Improve taste , mess gives vareity in menu but all taste the same no effort in making it taste better , vegetables & Roti are half cooked most of times . .Also  bring equality among hostels the mess food of PF hostel (& M block) tastes so good , have good   worth variety in menu , and quality is also great. Don't do this unfair treatment and improve the mess food for all the boys !
Please change the menu and increase the food quality.
Less variety with good quality 
Menu doesn't matter food should be nce
Milk at night tastes like raw milk , buttermilk is full of water,while we are eating they are turning off the lights and fans if time passes 9. The briyani given in the mess is not good most people eat for the chicken only and more wastage of biriyani. CHICKEN given during wed and sunday or very little. Very hard to eat food in the afternoon, the taste is worse
Make delicious food rather than varities 
Make food little more spicy 🔥🔥
Please provide quality food rather then don't take mess fee make a option on hostel booking time that ask mess food involves or not 
Please Increase the quality of food 
Open Java after 7:30
Only bad about mess is TASTE 
The quality of the food is worst. There is no taste in the food. And the chapati is also not cooked properly.
Please put different varieties of food,have alternate menu for alternate weeks . Make food which easy to digest for lunch. Make some lighter foods
No suggestions 
Till now, mess food is worst. And I don't know, why this rule is applied to close the shops after 7:30. If u want that less food is wasted then focus on the quality of the food. Even they don't know how how to make South Indian dishes. We are also humans and we also need good food. I don't know what u guys do with the lots of mess money, if u want to make this worst food. So please, focus on the quality of the food.
Please make the good food, you mess food till now is worst. Your cook for making the food is need to learn how to make the good food. They even don't know how to make South Indian food and North Indian food. Please make sure you cook the good food. Even you close the Java because of wasting of food, please open Java otherwise we can go to Potheri for good food, your dood will still waste.
Close the Mess
The taste of foos is not good , and also the quality is also not good . No taste nothing in food . We are just going to fill out stomach and even I'm taking only 1 chapati everytime. 
As a resident of manoranjitham hostel, I must say that the quality of the mess food was extremely poor. Despite the reasonable cost, the food was often inedible and left a bad taste in my mouth - both literally and figuratively  .  Overall, the hostel's mess food was a huge disappointment. I hope that the management takes steps to improve the quality of the food, such as hiring a new chef or improving food storage facilities, to ensure that future residents have a better experience. 
Total waste of money by taking hostel and mess....no suggestions because it need complete improvement in the quality and taste of food
No new varieties and poor food quality and low maintenence
Improve food quality and taste, change your menu often because from last 3 semesters the main menu is name because of which people are getting bored to eat same type of food then they waste food and eat outside. 
Poor food quality and digestion problem arises and also food is insufficient to digest and also also no other fry curry is been given 
Worst food tast is very bad . Have to imporve a lot in food tast
change Friday lunch because it is the worst food 
The real problem for wastage of food is the mess quality. I have 10 to 15 videos regarding mess food and quality. Sometimes flies dies in the rive and vegetables. And even the new director orders to close the stores at 7.30. Management system is worst can't even manage the hostel days events and not not trying to improve the food quality but implement new rules and regulations. Worst hostel management ever seen 
If the food tastes good there will be less wastage.
Food taste should be better. Chapathis are mostly uncooked and raw. Dal tastes more like haldi drink !
No
Give healthier less fried snacks and better vegetable in subzi with less oil and less spicy
None 
Focus on food quality not quantity
•The other reasons for food wastage will be due to the menu.If we observe we have the same menu almost everyda.Paratas are there almost all the night and bahara pulao everyday. I suggest changing menu.
No
Change the items in menu. Make some snacks in dinner and lunch also like pao bhaji,sandwich,golgappe,etc
I need food tasty thats solve. I don't like to waste food.
Better quality food ...and change of time table of the menu for every month coz every day same food same menu will be boring...which will not excite us to eat in mess
Make simple food but make it tasty 
During my first year the food was simply excellent. But after corona the food quality is very very poor...they are providing more varieties instead of improving the taste... please provide us quality food we don't need more varieties we just want to have a tastier food. If possible please bring back 2019 food menu 
Food quality is very poor.please provide us good  food
Make food tasty
If things go to feel a bit like home and cleaner surroundings then it would be better 
Provide good food
No matter how many varieties you make for us just want them to be tasty that's it
Make less variety of food but more better quality and change of fruits 
Polling for students favourite food can be done and cooked atleast once a month. More fruit juices and fruit slices can be introduced for healthy snacks.
give more fruits and veggies, less chappati, please dont put the same base for channa again amd again
Nothing 
Food quality should be improved, at least two weeks menu should be changed,  food should be made better most of the times non veg curry was spicy 
Low variety of foods with good taste. And we want 2018 menu
Add some new dishes in menu
I strongly feel that menu should be revised. And provide things that people are actualy liking. For eg. most people do not like biryani at all and still it's there. Like do a poll and ask people there choice. Then the highest voted thing could go for the list. One more advice is to serve bread butter and lime everyday in snacks please.
Changes in few dishes 
The quality should be good and hygienic. Also if the student is asking for more then the person should give it. If wastage is the issue then tell the student to finish the given fod and come back again for more.
Add some new dishes. Some dishes are 3 or 4 times repeatedly providing 
 
Nothing
We want healthy food.
Plates are not cleaned well , and sometimes foods are not available  before the mess closing time itself 
Most of the times rice was not cooked properly. That is very harmful and some students affected stomach pain 
Nothing 
We want 2018 menu
Please watch when the student take food  
No
I feel same variety repaeted.if you change the menu,food not waste 
Good
Minimize the varaities make quality food don't put over masalas
Food is Good taste 
We need delicious food and also quality
Better rotis, less oily food
NA
Minimize the variety make the food more taste . provide Healthy snacks . 
No
Make healthy foods rather than fatty foods and add more fruits and nutrients foods 
Good quality food
No
Mess food taste is not good nd lack of hygiene 
Good food with great taste
No
The quality of food is low so i request you to focus on that
No
we want better food items
Minimize the variety and make tasty food 
Plates are not cleaned well 
Good 
Reduce the varieties and improve the food taste
Better change the contract 
Avoid over oil
Good 
A few days food only not good otherwise ok
Enhance the taste and quality of food 
Nice only
no
I feel same food repeated,if you change menu food not waste
Please keep North Indian food in lunch...Proper vegetables like aloo jeera,gobi etc...Do not give biriyani,taste is not up to the mark...Give egg curry
Need to improve 
I need tasty food thats solve and I don't like to waste food.
Good 
A few days food not good otherwise ok
Give quality food
Good
Give alternate food I'm like eating idlies more often
Improve taste of food
Please avoid over oil in food,idly is not cooked well,now a days the way of preparing dosa is good,
Changes in food resipi 
No
The existence of fish curry without fish is ridiculous.
Nothing
Better ! change the food menu 
Less variety with more tastier
Give some proper North Indian food
Change in food recipe 
Nope
Requesting to change food menu 
Improve taste, quality and reduce usage of oil 
Need tasty food
-
Nope
Lunch menu is not much good
Whenever they provide dosa i suggested Dosa be soft and thin..  In evening snacks lemone jucie is okay do not provide grape jucie its taste is very bad...do not add soda salt in plain rice please...afternoon tasty lemon rice ...mango sambar ....monday afternoon  menu plz change ...mango pickle like home made that was very nice plz provide that thank you...
No
Change the dinner for friday
Clean the plate properly 
Change the menu
Less variety with tasty
Wanted tasty food
Requesting to change food menu 
We want 2018menu
Requesting to change food menu
Improve food quality 
Improve the quality of food
Cook properly, sometimes food was half boiled 
We want more tastier
Make tasty food ro avoid wastage 
Good quality of foods
No
No comments 
Less variety and more tastier
We want 2018 menu
Turmerent rice is very very poor... Please do it properly 
.
None
Charge menu
No
Varieties needed..new food dishes
Good food 
Change food recipe
It is suggested to atleast cook the food properly. Make few dishes but they should taste nice. We don’t want many choices and quantity, all we want is quality. The roti is mostly uncooked. 
Please don't give idli and dosa 3 times... Please cook idli properly... And about biriyani make it proper please.. 
No
-
Nil
The quality of food should be good 
Prepare good quality foods
Change in food recipe 
Nothing 
Different varieties
Good quality food please 
Good
Improve your taste
Reduce the varieties and increase the food taste
To improve the quality of food in the hostel mess, I would recommend that they avoid serving dishes with visible pools of oil on top (non- veg curry). Instead, they can focus on incorporating healthier options such as sprouts, boiled vegetables, fruit salad and protein-enriched foods. These additions not only provide essential nutrients but also add variety to the menu. Additionally, the mess can explore cooking techniques that use minimal oil to reduce the amount of excess oil in dishes. This will ultimately contribute to the overall health and satisfaction of the students.
Please improve the quality of food
Pls give the food quality and don't make the repeat like night and morning 
Nothing
I thought that food contains taste adding substance like ajinomoto so that we can't eat as much food we want . Some action should be taken to prevent food waste. Reducing variety of foods and improve foods what students want should be implemented to prevent food waste.
Good
Good 
Good quality of food 
Worst
Neatness 
The rotis should be well cooked.
NA
North Indian taste needed! 
Improve taste and quality, reduce usage of oil 
Cook prepely
The food quality should be improved 
Better food quality please. And make spoons available. 
Good food
No idea 
No
Cook properly sometimes food was half boiled 
Good
Full ccoked rice ,proper tamrind and lemon rice ,more oil in poori, avoid bread in tomato rice , provide egg garvy in friday ,provide thakali gravy in tuesday
Nil
Just improve the quality of food please..it is disgusting to pay so much amount of money and get food that is not even worth it... even the snacks for evening are have no taste in it...and the biriyani is the worst 
I want healthy food and snacks
No
Change the food quality and variety
Change the food quality and variety 
Extend time for breakfast,Want more variety in veg in wednesday scheduled 
Nil
I want madras parota
Nothing 
Plates are not cleaned well, sometimes foods are not available during the mess time itself
Need to reduce the food varieties and provide good quality tasty nutritious food
Please change the food it's worst and boring everday Puri nd idly only is being provided
Want to good quality food 
You can improve hostel food taste and change  the menunge 
No
..
Make the food hygienic and instead of focusing on variety of items, make the food quality better.
No
Want to good quality food 
Less variety and more tastier food
Healthy food with great taste
Could reduce the amount of oil used for making Puri s
Avoid to provide noodles and fried rice 
Can do better on hygiene part. Include healthier food. 
Nil
-
Less oil,more quality,more tastier
Please prepare tasty  and healthy food
I don't want fried rice and noodles
prefering good quality and taste of food and changing the menu varieties often will be good. 
Give more varieties 
I want good quality food 
...
Please prepare tasty and healthy 
Please prepare tasty food quality food
You should improve food quality 
Repeating a food(dosa, Idly) 
Clean food and better quality sometimes variety too
No
Want to good quality food 
 avoid to provide noodles and fried rice.
I don't want fried rice (Dinner)
N.A
maintain the quality of north indian food
Mutton biryani, Cassata ice cream 
Good food prefer 
Improve quality of food
Food is not quality..so waste the food
Improve food quality 
Cleanliness , insect was found in food so no cleanliness was founds
The mess is charging 65000 for non-veg but rarely we get non veg items. The least they could do is at least give an egg everyday. No protein intake is possible from the mess. Chicken pieces are also negligible in quantity. So why should we pay extra? Instead of giving fruits at night, try to give them in the morning with breakfast. It's healthier.
Serve less amount of food to everyone if they want more they will serve themselves the amount of food they want
.
No
-
No
 Chicken chilli in Sunday schedule. Grapes juice not good so any other juices we need. I need Saturday morning schedule changes.
No
No
Plates are not cleaned well,give varieties of snacks,
The food should be tasty 
Focus on quality than quantity
more north indian food would be nice
Nothing
Please provide more food choices,
Please change lanuch  menuand snackes, snackes are very poor
nil
Idly is not cooked properly
Quality over variety 
Serve 2 dishes deliciously. Rather than serve more varieties
Avoid thick consistent sambar and rasam,avoid adding so much of vegetables in a sambar one or two separate vegetables in a single sambar is ok, rasam is too spicy always , spicy rasam is ok once or twice in a week, avoid bonda in evening snacks... Otherwise i love my hostel food. 
Change the Friday dinner  and Tuesday lunch
.
Less variety,More tastier
Provide well steamed white rice & good quality of food 
Cook well
Cook well 
Nothing 
The mess food quality needs to be improved and more North indian options needs to be added too. The sanitisation and clean food needs to be a priority. The menus need to be changed every month and butter should be added for the snacks.
Taste is important than varieties. 
Good quality food
Serve minimum dishes  deliciously rather than cooking  maximum dishes
Turmerent rice is very very poor.. please do properly 
Taste is important than quality 
Include more nutritious foods. Less variety more quality.Strict punishment for wastage of food. 
Could have a bit more variety especially in Snacks.... And it would be nice initiative to include Jain food options and Lactose Intolerant options too
Good 
Nothing
Nothing
None
Nothing 
Nothing 
please give veriety and quality foood and please include deserts
Taste quality must
Good quality 
Plates are not cleaned well
Please change the menu and make tasty food.
Please improve the food quality.
.
Quality food 
Need to focus on variety and taste of the food being served
.
Please improve food quality and varieties 
I request you for better quality 
Menu can be changed at regular period of time
Nil
Plates not clean 
wants  a better items
Shenbagam Hostel 
Good
We wate good quality food 
Very poor quality of food and tastes very worse
Lately we have been getting insects in our food which is one of the reasons a lot of people have not been eating in the mess please look into this matter as this is very serious
Change some afternoon menus and timings
No 
Please change the food quality 
Cooking the food tasty 
Would recomend hygiene over varities.
Wash the plates properly 
Wash the plates properly 
Plates are not cleaned well.sometimes foods are not available during the mess time itself
No
Avoid to provide noodles and fried rice 
Give tasty and healthy food
Yeah its pretty good
Less variety and more tasty..and  change the mess menu 
Make some edible food, 
The quality of food should be improved 
Nil
Need good taste 
Nil
Can be improved 
Change the menu once in a two weeks
Tasty food 
Nothing 
-
Change afternoon food & snacks 
Change afternoon foods and snacks.
Nothing
Good healthy food.
Good food and good snacks snacks can be some more varieties like pani puri rolls etc 
No
Giving more time during afternoon like 12 to 2 because most of our classes completes by 1.30 from that time mess is closing we can't able to eat food fastly that's why mostly food is wasting
Provide good and healthy food.avoid over oil used and colestral food
Afternoon lunch time change 
Less variety,More tastier
eggs everyday during breakfast
Nil
Improve quality of food ... More North Indian snacks 
Nothing
provide good healthy food 
Change the menu for dinner and try to give more South Indian dishes.
Change the Menu
Improve food quality 
Increase the food taste 
None only quality 
Add two days for ice cream and change the snacks and food 
None
Change the menu
Food Quality
No
Change  snaks, change friday menu, chenge cicken to eegg or other nonveg
Change some food items 
Increase the quality of food
.
Better quality and more variety 
None
Better quality 
Nil
Try to.improve food quality. And remove biryani from the menu
Should include egg cury instead of chicken gravy in dinner
Good food quality is required.
Less variety more tastier
Provide tasty food 
Varieties
Change in mess timing 
No
Less varieties and more tasty food
Cook less food 
Good 
Increase the timings in lunch time atleast at 2:00pm
Improve food quality 
N/A
Less variety more tastier
Provide the good healthy food 
Food variety want to change 
More varities and tastier food
Food variety change please
Improve food 
Make more tasty 
Change the menu
Want more varieties also tasty 
More variety and well better quality 
the quality could be better 
..
Good
Nothing 
Add some other dishes 
Better quality food is much more needed 
Better food appreciated
Kindly improve the menu
Nill
Food should be good in taste
-
Please work on the sanitation of the mess as cockroach have been found in the food multiple times 
Better the quality 
Make tasty food
Nothing 
N/A
Bo
Nil
I would suggest having different dishes everyday because that is how it used to be when the year began and then then many of the dishes disappeared. Also it is very disappointing that shops like big save close at 8 inside the hostel premises because there are cases where girls need emergency materials at certain point in time. Kindly do not shut down essentials as it affects us. 
The shops in the hostel premises should not be closed so early especially big save as there maybe cases where we would have to get something immediately. I would appreciate it if the shops were open till night as it was before.
Nothing 
Make it tasty
Improve food  taste
Tast food
Something new dish 
Nil
Please guys food is way too oily and less tasty 
Cleaning is not proper. Food quality must be improved. In morning tiffen improve the quality of dosas and idlis.Plates have to be washed properly. 
Please make it eatable that's it!!
Less  variety more taste 
Change snacks menu
Not bad,not good 
Better quality food
Not bad
No
The quality should be improved , food items should be changed sometimes and cleanliness to be maintained.
Add less spices in north indian items
Less variety more tastier
Make breakfast till 10:00 am in the morning during holidays. Make dinner start at 7 in the evening.
Provide variety food
It would be good if they reduce the times they are giving poori,idli,dosa
No
None
Decrease in varities and increase in quality 
Food quality should be improved and North Indian items should also be increased
Not bad
..... 
Nil 
Good 
Try to put less oil and have some taste in the food it's tasteless sometimes and  try to make something other than peas ( white peas , green peas ) why 
Food taste is not good so cook proper taste and quality food
Please bring variety in cuisines..it becomes very monotonous to have the same thing everyday especially the lunch.
Just focus on quality, that's it
Take more varieties and spicy foods
-
The taste of the food is worst , please let the chef taste the food before serving to the students 
They are not cooked vegetables. Sometimes rice also cooked not well
Quality and variety should blth be increased
Nil
Maintenance 
Nothing 
Good
Need to improve 
It is not tasty 
Food should be cooked properly 
Please just make food that tastes good and is not drenched in oil. And is cooked properly.
No
More varities and tastier 
Need to improve food quality 
Make better and edible food instead of closing other sources of food 
The food quality should be improved. 
Give tastemaker everyday
Good 
Change the food please
It would be good if u focus on quality and cleanliness 
Please keep some good food ...I beg u......and washrooms are very pathetic...
Please cook taste and quality, give extra non veg 
Good
make food properly 
None
Good quality food
Need hygiene food rather than bug and insects in the food 
Taste must be improved 
Good
Use less oil
Please do change the menu and remove chicken biryani...it's the worst.
give non veg food 
We found Insects and hair in the food which tottaly not hygienic. You should make hygienic food and also time should be given more.
Please ensure that the quality of food is a little better, instead of providing a lot of varieties. 
Tasty and more different varieties 
Quality of food can be increased 
Please increase the food quality with less spicyness 
Please improve the food quality that is being served to us. Only then can you curtail the food wastage. Bad food is what makes us order from outside. Not to mention, even the North Indian mess food tastes like South Indian food.
Improve food taste and food items 
Please focus on more taste 
Have different varieties and make it in good taste 
Maintain hygeine and quality of food
Please make authentic south indian food and focus on the sides more
Please increase the food  quality 
Not bad
Change the menu
NA
None
The mess because too crowded and we have to wait in lines for a long time 
i want the taste of the food to improve a little bit.
Improve the food quality 
Tasty food
Hoping for good quality of food
To improve food quality and change mess's menu after a certain period of time 
Make food tastier. It's too bland.
Try to make food less oily and less heavy. Poori can be included in about two meals only and chapati can be made more often. Fried snacks should also be made only twice a week. Sunday menu can be adjusted, only two heavy meals instead of 4
Sometimes there are some insects in the food. And food should be hygiene. 
Just realise that if you at least try to improve the food quality, on a large scale you can reduce the food wastage. Improve quality, cleanliness.
The food is fine as it is now. I like that there is always more than one dish served every meal. Compared to other messes, SRM has good mess food. Maybe non-veg like chicken, can be increased to 4 times a week. Please don't decreased variety, quality can always be improved. Thank you.
Better quality,better taste and healthier food.
Try to increase the food timing 
Food is not good...instead of juice please provide tea and coffee 
No suggestions 
Nothing
Pls improve the taste of the food 
Improve taste of food .food is litterly has bad taste
Improve the quality of chapathi 
Nothing 
Increase mess timings
-
Need tastier food
Stream the rice well 
Need more varieties and prefers kerala food. North Indian and tamil foods are there but kerala foods are not there. 
Food quality is so poor
NA
Not bad
you should include more northern dishes in the menu
Not bad
No suggestions 
Need more tastier
Provide better quality of food……quality check on food…….check insects in food before serving 
Not bad.But improve something better
Tasty food and weekly one time chicken biryani and chicken 65
No  suggestion
Food must be more tasty
Maintain food quality 
Cleaning
Variable options for each one as well as quality must be improved
Nil
Nice 
No
Please improve the taste of your food as the quality is what matters most .The chapatis are raw and the vegetables like dal taste like turmeric.
Improve the quality of food . Provide a limited variety but with good quality.
No idea
Can change items and have to keep different types of food rather than daily one, also there is no taste in food which they are providing in mess. This is the reason many of us are preferring to eat outside often. 
Nil
Need to change food
Good
Nothing 
Food worst 😞
Change the menu 
To change Friday dinner
The food quality has a lot of scope of improvement, the chapati could be thinner and better , the vegetables can be more tasty, right now there is no variation or taste , including either one will lead to less wastage, we don't like to spend extra money outside but if the taste is not good we have no choice but to eat out and waste mess food 
Sometimes the food for coming to hostel is being delayed. So give the food on time.
Make food more tasty with less oil , increase frequency of Non Veg food avoid maida foods like parrota thursday dinner is worst please change it 
Focus on taste 
We worrying about the food quality and taste.If the food was not good taste, that the reason for the food waste.
Food is monotonous and doesn't taste good at times 
don't repeat the food every day. And don't shut down the other food shops in campus it is not the solution.Improve mess food quality only.
Food should be quality ,healthy at the same time tasty.
Pls make the food some what spicy 
Good 
White rice should be cooked nice, sometimes its is like paste
Please do increase the quality of food
Please focus on different varieties with good quality, it'll help in low wastage of food
Anything that tastes good has a limit in the mess omlette is ristricted to 1 and if you ask for extra wada its like you are not allowed to even eat in the mess and rude reply back from servers if you question anything
Make north Indian food more than south Indian food. North Indian food should use less spicy and should not use South Indian spicy masala and recipe in North Indian 
Use less oil and stop forcing kids to eat at mess 
.
Plz cook chappati nicely all the time its under cook i dont want to eat the dough i want a chappati with my meal 
Should make sure the taste of food is good.
Improve hygiene in mess and have more variety rather than having the same food every week
Mess food should be tasty and there should be varieties too. 
Nothing 
.
Everyday I ate my lunch outside only.( meals/Briyani ) it cost around some 100 only but healthy I prefer. What im saying is the taste less mess food leads, force to eat junk food,packed food to the students. The afternoon foods are very bad in taste. Its ok for a week or month not a years.
To bring tasty food
Change the food meanu
Increase the taste 
To change the menu for Friday dinner
Please increase the quantity. It will be very helpful.
To inprove taste like south Indian 
Your logic is -infinity out of 10. Do you guys have any sense charging 60k for food and not able to provide good service.In order to get ranking and funds u r trying to reduce food waste from last 15 days 4-5 times I return without having meal.They stop distribution befor 10-20 mins before end time 2 days back at dinner time at 8:40 everything expect rice and curry got finished. And everyone knows what happened at the time of so called hostel days celebration.Lot of food got wasted due to your shit management.First start from you provide good service.People in mess never answers any que cant even ready to give spoons for taking pickle and after no chapati at mess tells adjust for only today bro nd wait climax is yet to come after that they tells eat chapati tomorrow instead of 2 eat 4 sorry but we are mad to go to mess daily for having meals  we are not aware about the superpower that man possess to store food for 2 days that he can compensate by eating double next day.You are not able to provide food at mess and closing food joint at 7 due to lack of food and closed food joints I slept empty stomach 2 nights.You are charging money for the service stop behaving like we are begger.And if this will continue na dont fill u r having monopoly no one will choose hostels......from next yaer happy and fortunate I am not your hosteller from next yaer feeling sad for yor hosteller....
Please improve food taste and quality. Food wastage will automatically reduce .
No suggestions 
On the basis of taste there is no problem, but eating the same every week is a bit tiring and at some point its like why are we even eating lets justa kip. So a day you'll want to skip lunch and another skip dinner
Please try to reply the bread to wheat bread, make things healthier, why are we having bread in Biryani and cucumber in curd rice. Some combinations are not acceptable 
Quality is good but food is not tastier
Change the menu for every month !!!!
Please do something for tuesday and Wednesday lunch, its so pathetic, after classes we are hungry and want good food to be serve we are paying 80k per semester for this 
Food menu should be better … 
Please enhance the taste.
Biryani is spicy sometimes
We need two eggs every morning as we are active. It's a really important issue to consider.
Fruits in the menu is worst. Everyday you provide same banana. I've never got banana from mess. Give different fruits. And if you provide grapes or watermelon the portion is so small. I sometimes eat only the fruit. If we ask for some more watermelon or grapes you worry so much in giving giving and avoid us. In other colleges mess we can get more fruits to eat. I need more fruits portion.
overall the menu in esq a hostel is not bad. i can eat the food without complaining. 
Please change the afternoon menu.
Food is bad. Food hear giving us stomach issues
 (Daily Lunch) give potato fry 
Sunday dinner they can give something else than what they are giving now
Try to bring some variety items because g t borded with same menu
Foood taste is not good and evening fresh juices are not there to feel fresh because of hot climate 
Make food tastier. 
more food variety 
More food varieties 
Some items should be changed in the N8 time 
Food taste isn't good at all and also the plates provided are not cleaned properly 
Changing the menu every month rather than every semester 
Add green vegetables 1•Cook idli properly it looks messy.2•Cook Chapati without hole 3•On the Manchurian day add one vegetable most of the people don't like Manchurian3•earlier rice was good now days it's looks sticky most important add green vegetables 
.
The hostel ESQ-A consists of students from various parts of the country but the food which is most served in the mess is south indian food ,which is not upto the taste what i would perfer to eat. Since every student is paying equal amount of fee,then food should be served which everyone will eat. Only because of this reason most of the students eat food from outside shops ,which is not healthy also. One important suggestion is that perfer increasing the quantity of maslas in food beacuse normal sabzi is also very bland as if some sick patient has to eat that. 
Good foods make me happy 😊
Change the menu, the same food has been serving every day, I've been eating the same for the last one and half years and the taste is going bad , i hope you change the menu and make the food eatable atleast 
Food isn't tasty and has menu for year and they can change items monthly on the basis of student's reviews 
Food is good and no complaints 
Plzz give north Indian food also
Focus on quality rather than quantity
variety also main but please improve quatity and please open foos shop and also big save its ok to close food shop but big save r important to purchase emergency things like napkins , and also juice shop its summer season if u know
Pls change the menu, we are bored of it 
Better food
spoons aren't available for every one during lunch , it would be quite good if extra spoons are provided during the breakfast for butter ext.
Please change the entire menu 
We don't expect varieties in food .quality is what expected.
Food quality should be increased 
Please change the entire menu ,food is not properly cooked, focus on improving food quality,very bad quality of food...
Chicken can be offered twice in a week rather than being served for only twice in a month
Plz improve the taste of food 
Chilly chicken can be avoided instead pepper chicken gravy is better to serve 
.
U can change the food menu 
Dinner taste and quality is very poor please try to change the menu 
Morning breakfast is good, afternoon lunch the taste is not good, snacks is also good and dinner should improve in taste. Overall the food is satisfactory.
Quality is more important than varities and provide the quantity of food for the students 
The biriyani has more scope for improvement. Please work on it. 
Not good
No complaints 
We need taste of food not varieties as we need is spicy and no masala more 
First of all make some good food not like hospital food. Secondly why curd rice everyday ? Thirdly gulab jamun is once in a month, why ? 6.5k per month is enough for giving good food. So try to make some delicious food with North spices.
variety with taste and use of normal refined oil instead of coconut or any other flavoured oils. and inclusive of north indian and south indian food. change of taste and quality of masala as well.  During breakfast and snack only a little quantity of food is provided,it is the only time the food is a little better than the main meals of the day. during weekends,please extend the breakfast time without finishing the only meal we like the eat. 
Keep a good filter for water 
It sometimes good. 
Few items are very bad in taste, obviously we will eat in mess only if tge food is good enough. We're paying for it . Same food time also makes it boring
It's better to serve food which is more healthier and has good quality. Even the cutlery of mess is not cleaned properly. 
Improve the Taste of the food and change the menu often 
Nil
Make the good less spicy, less oily, make the mess cleaner. Please keep in mind the quality of food should be atleast edible. I've fallen sick multiple times due to indigestion from the food. 
Boiled egg be given twice a week so that we can have egg three days in a week(2×boiled egg, 1×omlette)
The food is not spicy at all, I mean curries. The curries do not taste good most of the time. The chicken biryani does not taste good, I have seen most people waste the biryani and why is bread put in colour rice? Chicken curry, Panner curry and Veg Manchurian need to be improved in taste, they do not taste spicy... Carrots served at dinner are covered with black dust, even lost my appetite after seeing the dust on carrots. Please improve the quality of the food and the fried rice it tastes like normal rice no salt and no spiciness in it. 
Please change Aloo paratha as dinner in weekend
This feedback should be taken long back what is the point of taking feedback now while we are leaving in a month.Food quality is very very poor from last 2 months.we couldn't eat in the afternoon and night.please atleast improve in the next year..we are not eating for free we are paying for what we are eating so atleast make it worth for the price we are paying 
can extended afternoon food timing till 2
Improve the quality of the food and quantity per person can also be increased! 
Betterment of taste is important, curd rice consistency is differing everyday, sometimes it's so  waterless and it's difficult to eat on those days
Try to make food tastier 
Please focus on quality over quantity, and atleast in 2 months, make some changes in the food menu so that people wont get bored of eating the same food again and again.
College should allot time dedicated to lunch in our schedule.
Dinner time from 7pm to 9pm. Bring back the old chef who cooked good food last year
Many items are there in every day menu atleast make sure that one curry or one item is good to eat 
Try to change the dinner menu or just the quality...  Breakfast and lunch are good.. But dinner is never good... Always uncooked...  Please try to change that..
Food quality is not good, most of the time if any food dish is good it will get over soon. For dinner time most of the time we have to stand in queue because Food will not be available.  And Sunday evening please provide Tea.
Dishes which are not liked can be changed in the menu 
...
The quality and the taste of the food should be better 
Varieties are ok but improve food quality.... Important thing please open big save and and juice shop its summer season we need juice shop and for emergency reasons purpose we need big save to buy napkins please consider this!!!!
Biriyani is too spicy ...... Mess timings should be extended in Saturday and Sunday.......menu are more focused in North Indian dishes it should be focused both in North Indian and South Indian dishes......Sunday and Monday is the only day having good breakfast 
More varieties and more tasty and then increase the mess timing 
No
More varieties fish to be included 
Quality of Coffee can be improved and the communication of the servers can be developed as the vegetarians are struggling as which is Veg food and which is Non veg.Taste of food is good.
Someday they r giving food all the time fine someday not good Friday food not good at any time
The quality of mess food has really degraded over time. That was not that huge a problem when we started to find bugs and insects in the food. Now I don't feel comfortable eating anything from the mess. Also lack of cutlery at all times. The plates were almost never washed properly and one could see first and previous meal clearly on the plates. The cucumber served was often at the rotting stage as it was very slimy to touch and had an odour to it. The chapati was almost always raw. The quality seriously needs to be regulated and checked upon.
Garlic never comes peeled off properly in curries ,I myself have thrown worms from brinjal curry,either make one curry or leave it completely. Please don’t mix capsicum and okra . In such cases,wastage of capsicum is more.Please don’t use too much of garam masalas in curry.masalas 
change the menu for every month
You should keep the varieties less and make the taste better. Moreover chapattis are often uncooked, hard, you should often give north indian sweets. 
Everything tastes same, they should consider the sunny climate and keep the food accordingly 
Preferably have a little bit of variety with improvement in quality of food as all gravies taste the same
Need improvement in quality of food and taste
Need improvement in quality of food and taste of the food
Should improve ....
Insect free food
Concentrate on the taste and quality of the food
Give more varieties of fruits
Snack timings should be increased because classes itself end at 5 and it becomes quite late by the time we reach hostel
We need to taste and good quality food 
Impove cleanliness and food quality
Menu should be changed regularly 
None
It's not of good quality
If I eat in mess I only have south indian food 
Please avoid extra flavouring like cockroaches and insects. 
 food should be appetizing with proper sanitation 
Nothing
North Indian food please and some other varieties too 
Nil
Give hygienic food
1. For the past 1 month many students got different types of insects in their food. Kindly try to resolve this issue. 2. Try to bring some North flavours to the food as almost half of the members studying here are North Indians. 3. No need to keep 6/7 items everyday. 1/2 South Indian dish and 1/2 North Indian dishes are enough for us.
Please give us good food with good taste 
Improve the quality of the food. 
It could be fine if they provide more quality in food more than quantity 
The food is so bad. Everyday mosquitoes and insects are there in the food. The food quality and hygiene should be highly maintained 
Clean hygienic food, Less masala and oil in food, hand-made rotis please, rotis are very difficult to digest, mess butter can be a little saltier. 
Good 
Change menu.
You can make food a bit delicious as you kept it for hostel day.. menu is fine but a bit testier 
Food chart can be changed once in a while. I find it as one of the biggest reasons of food wastage. The food is repeated after every week according to the time table. It would be better if something new was introduced once in a while.
Make food hygienic and tasty
The snacks should be changed to something else like spring roll etc..
Please ensure proper sanitation and clean food is served to the students 
Sometimes the food is not tasty.and the hygienic requirments are necessary 
Food should atleast be edible by the North Indian people . Nothing we can eat most of the days we have to skip our meals because of this reason nd also its unhygienic 
Chicken and Eggs should be provided more often for the non-veg people to fulfill the protein requirement of our body. Apples should also be added in fruits.
Improve quality 
No
Change the meenu
Avoid unhygienic environment and add better items to the menu 
Nothing 
Pls make it testy
nil 
More variety food... Proper quality... Different fruits... Fresh vegetables must be provides as salad... Lemon for salad shud also be provided
The north indian menu can be made healthier as all the sabzi (vegetables) are made extremely oily. More varieties of fruits can be included instead of banana so often. Proper maintenance of hygiene is needed.
instead of shutting down restaurants and forcing baseless senseless rules on students the mess should pay more attention at improving the quality of food in mess.Our mess in meenakshi has the worst hygienic conditions every now and then some insect or flies are seen in the food,hair in coffee is a very common sight even after this happening in the mess the main focus of the authorities isn't to improve the food quality or to pay attention at the hygiene instead their main focus is pointing out on how shorts are not suppose to be worn in the mess.Other messes in m block or kalpana chawla have no such rules but in meenakshi all they care about is what one is wearing,they are very rude to us and always try to impose their superiority on us as if we are their servants.
Keep nice food with good taste.
The above question is "Senseless" as QUALITY is a must if you provide 1 or 100 variety of food. Here the quality is going back hence wea re seaching for other nethods of eating outside. Also mess team should also be cooperative they should also be taken care
Please make it atleast tastier toneat
Nil
Nil
Please focus on the hygiene and cleanliness as we often find insects and other things in the food. Also if it's possible to extend the mess timings in the morning and at night it would be very helpful.
Please try making different kolambu(pulikolambu,vathankolambu etc) varieties. Add non veg piece in daily non veg curry.variety and quality should be maintained and enhanced. Add tasty healthy vegetables (spinach of different varieties that won't be bitter, Banana flower,nellikai,)make madurai style rotti halwa.for Madras parota , instead of mattar paneer masala can make veg salna or kuruma
Mess food table should  be changed offenly
The food quality is very bad. No proper hygiene is also not there. Plus i have faced food poisoning a lot due to this food. Whenever i eat, i feel vomitish. So please provide good quality food and also it should have a better taste and variety of fruits we need.
Food can be improved and made edible.
Hygienic and tasty food
Please improve the quality of food in the mess..
Add some North Indian dishes too mostly there is South Indian 
More hygienic, quality of food, tasty food 
Please serve it with neatness
I never go to the mess only, the food is so bad.
Ntg
Try to make good food 
Change the menu
Change the menu 
Insects has be found
Please provide quality food. Nowadays we are getting insects from food which is not at all applicable as we are paying 60,000 thousand as mess fee. The authorities are supposed to serve both quality food with hygiene.The above mentioned question that prefering more focus on quality rather than variety, why is there even a question like that?! . The hostel authorities promised to give both quality foods and variety of dishes.sorry if I am being rude but please do consider this that they wont provide insects again in our food
Good food
Keep it hygiene and tasty 
I would really appreciate if food is hot . Even if we go the ealiest , still it is not hot . Especially night dinner.the rasam looks leftover of afternoon and if you see it you won't feel like to eat. On sunday afternoon its always the same chicken gravy, some alternarnative variety would be good. Earlier just 1st month of hostel , we used to get naan and paneer , but now everyday its chapathi . Of course would be happy if we dont get bugs in food 
N9
Food that are distributed should have proper hygiene n should be clean. Chapati should be better . It is at its wrist condition 
The food should be made in hygienic place and the utensils in which the food is served should be washed properly and cleaned. 
The mess should have a menu which contains good quality food and just variety of foods (which is tasteless) which no one will eat and wastage of food increases. Like for example the chicken biryani we get two days in a month is just so bad that no one likes to eat it thus I’ve seen a lot of wastage when there’s chicken biryani so just replace it with normal butter chicken masala or the chicken that we get on Sundays.
To give quality and hygiene food
The snacks should be more filling and the menu should be upgraded
Please avoid adding in fried bread to everything , 
Serve the quality 
Please bring good cook to make food.
Improve food quality
Consider changing the menu
NA
there should be a change in the menu as we tired of eating same food every week 
Mess space is very less as compared to number of students. Make a new mess with air conditioner because its not easy to eat food in this much hot season and in this much crowd
Food taste is very very bad
decent
Make better menu
Non veg include karo. Choclate ice cream too.
The food should be tasty
Night food should be improve
Improve quality 
Prepare healthy and tasty food
Make better menu
better food
Night food should be improved 
No
NA
Food quality is good but you can change the variety where we can taste a good south indian meal everyday and vegetables are not provided everyday so you can provide that also 
Better quality of food 
Nothing 
Improve food quality
No recommendation 
Improved quality
include more south indian food 
Use good quality of oil and other things and in addition reduce some dishes so that the basic dishes made can be more tastier
Every thing is fine , had no problems having the hostel food, but the only drawback is it could be more tastier. So just focus on improving taste.thank you
Give us non veg more often and allow reserve in order to avoid wastage 
Improve food quality 
Nill
6 days non veg
While eating rice vomiting 🤮 sensation 
Useless food not good for ap people
G
Get good chefs
Give us something eatable
Improve the quality
Pls add some chilli powder to the food it should be some spicy there is no spicyness 
The taste of the food should be good and the mess staff should give us food to eat as many times as we ask. The staff members should talk properly.
Hehe
.
.
Mess food quality is very worst and should be made better ...
Mess food is really worst and sometimes the special food that we get on somedays like biryani is also not at all good please change the menu or change the food quality
Nill
Change the menu more often, like once in 2 months.
Little bit hot 🥵 we want..
NA
We want spicy 🥵
Just include more varieties and try to better the quality of food
Cook better with appropriate proportions and proper quality items
Food was good
Improve the quality of food and include more meat items. 
Change the menu often, students are tired of eating the same food every week and hence prefer eating outside rather than at the mess.
It is really really worst mess.... Please refund the second year mess fees..
Improve the quality that’s all.
Change of taste enough,more varieties 
The food taste is bad sometimes and the different types of Paratha is useless instead it's better to make normal roti daily
I absolutely hate the fact the chicken that we get can only be taken 'once ' apparantly and we are downright denied if we ask for it the second time.Does not really justify the fact that we are paying such a huge price for the mess .Also the quality of the food is a mixed bag. Often the choice of food that is given is also poor. Pls keep a little tastier options so that the problem that you are facing that people are not eating from the mess will be eliminated 
Less variety more tasty
There is always a big line to cross to get  food due to very less amount of workers serving food, which leads to take food more than required. Special items like snacks , pav bhaji, paneer, sweets should be given many times. Better food quality required. Fruits and salads are never adequate... 
Mess food is the worst food I have ever eaten
Close the mess I never go there worst food I ever eat 
Food must be tasty and of good quality 
Cook good food 
Stop making biryani.Change your chefs as they dont known how to make good food. From the last sem the food quality is waste .During admission time only the food is good. Please look into it.
Very bad food and very bad maintenance and sanitation of mess
Improve quality nd make tasty food
Foods can be provided in single line manner. Less varieties of food can be provided but the taste matters.Each day food variety must be changed but the amount of variety per day can be limited 
Varieties too but would hope it tastes better as well
Please make something eatable
No change required 
No
Taste and quality should improve 
Please improve the food quality and mess timings.
Food quantity is not up to the mark
Try to get more variety with better quality 
Very bad
No
Give more variety and most importantly, GIVE FOOD!!! Paying hell amount of money, wouldn't listen to you giving sweets and chicken just once 
Food quality should be better
Just make it more good ar better
7 day repetation must be increased to 14 day repetation. Food quality must be improved 
Please make tasty food. We can’t survive eating spicy and less delicious food. 
Rice is too jelly 😭
Too poor taste quality 
Food is very bad only given once always stomach upset after eating mess food
make the food tastier and healthier
The keep serving the same food often like chappathi , punjabi parathas and the side dish are worst .But the food quality is good but not tastier
Sometimes there should be a variety of food and the taste should be better
. 
Less variety better quality 
Better foods
Gg
Could make food much tastier
Every thing was good
No suggestions 
None
Make tasty food so that we come to mess
Change  of menu and taste
Less food but tasty is better
Improve food quality and change daily food routine,or either change the food company of mess
I feel that about 30% of total food is wasted because of the absence of spoon in mess. Because of this, after the food is finished and if there is gravy remaining, it cannot be finished and will be eventually thrown.
Don't kill students with SRM mess food
Okay okay 
Food quality 
food should be tastier and nutritious
Good quality food
Please maintain good hygiene and good taste
Very poor food, very poor quality, totally waste, totally tasteless, even my dog’s food is better than Srm mess food, 65000 totally waste 
You are not able to make good poori as it has more amout of oil so you need to improve that or remove it from the menu itself. And need mangoes and apple as fruit. 
Please be consist with the quality of food
First and most imp in my opinion please dont make those yellow potato masala/aloo masla please make them the way you guys used to serve on saturdays they are much tastier and better
Make more North Indian food
The quality of food is very poor . The money took from us is very much expensive in terms of food taste and quality, the food is not worth less  than 10000 rupees. Even the food at street has goods taste than mess .
Improve the mess food automatically the wastage will reduce
Foood is not at all. Good
The food quality is worst, please improve it.
.
Average 
More variety 
Have more and proper sized Paneer cubes, Make the coffee stronger and more like actual coffee , Just remove the manchurian as well
Quality food is need variations can be compromised 
More tastier
Menu should be smaller and more tastier , also everyday menu should be totally different.
Na
the food is shit 
The food taste is getting worst day by day...just reduce the varieties of food but make the food tastier....hope to see the improvement in it
The food quality is worst, please improve it. 
More time to eat and cleaner mess
Food is extremely worst . Waste of 60,000 
The menu is very good, the food needs to be imporved, some items don't taste like they are supposed to, so please stick to the universal and common recipes 
None
Will be good if there is more time to eat and more varieties and not compromising on the quality at the same time
Change the menu
Nil 
Foods should be of more quality yes , but atleast on certain days , traditional and a different variety of foods we know can be made in order to restrict familiarity 
Bad food , hygiene and conditions of the mess 
Please make the mess timings more flexible in mornings 
Love srm
Suggest to give more food for non veg items
Just make the food good enough and according to the taste of north indians, then I am pretty sure it will be helpful in reducing the food wastage by 60%
Literally waste food. Frequent stomach upset. 0 oil in chapathi no taste. Lunch food is just worst 
whatever food you are cook just cook it good
Waste food please change the catering 
Food should be tasty 😋
The food for lunch is the worst when compared to dinner and breakfast. The quality of kuch food should be  improved as it is the key source of food wastage.
.
Make it tasteir 
Tatti khila do issai accha
Giving Manchurian can increase.on more days
The food quality is not good,please improve 
Lo lamento
Try some diff types of dishes from different regions of India. Make less spicy biriyani. Improve your management. 
To separate veg and non veg totally everything should be separated.And the Butter milk should be given like milk is given in the tap container.
Mess food should better and food taste should be more priority than variety
Cleanliness is moderate, but the food quality not up to the mark, taste is bad specially when biryani is served.
Reduce north indian dishes and provide south indian dishes
My suggestions are add paneer more than 2 days in week. Rather everything is good
Better food quality and keep other food outlets open
I expected more tastier food from SRM hostel mess but we got shitty foods 
Worst food in entire Potheri 
Make food tasty
I would like to recommend the mess staffs to increase the quality of food, that way the food wastage can be minimised. 
Improve food taste
Cook more delicious food and increase the quality so people will stop wasting it.
Make food tastier, 
Nil
If you make Biryani, make it properly. Special dishes should be served as much as we want, no limit should be put. 
Totally waste food whole year same menu same quality of food it is totally disappointing many students eat from outside as mess food is very bad most of the times same tastelessness such things .
Nothing but improve food taste. 
Food tends to get very repetitive and sometimes the flavour of the food is a bit too strong. On days when there is non veg, it makes no point to limit the consumption to one bowl. Closing shops, especially convenience stores is not the solution, if kids are going to alternative places instead of the mess they have already payed for, there is something that can be corrected within the mess. Most people don't like parotta, and it takes much effort to make them too, so it's best that it was scraped off from the menu. Buttermilk must be made present during dinner too, or even curd will do just fine.the mess fee was exorbitant, but the food that is given compared compared to what you take is just leeching off at this point. People would complain less if the mess fee that is collected would make sense, but unfortunately it doesn't. We don't like wasting our money too, and when i say this, i mean that i also would like to eat at the mess, but it is proving hard to do so.
Bad serving system especially north Indian servers and bad quality . Plates are not cleaned properly
The food in the mess is not too bad.
Get good
Please change menu every month
Please change the menu
First change the menu daily atleast weekly
If quality of food is increased like sweets having flavor than being sugar bombs, wastage can permanently be reduced. 
Start making good food rather than collecting respon
Make something good
Try to give some chat kind of food so that students who are unlikely to come will come to mess and eat food and dont restrict for limit like 2 pav what is the use we pay 65k only for the mess…
Serve eggs during breakfast on a daily basis
Dosa crispiness can be improved 
Food quality is poor
None
Should avoid providing pale food and should reduce usage of oil and masalas in the food
Nil
More source of protein should be given (especially chicken and more egg). Afternoon lunch is always worse . Nothing is tastier
Improve quality and start South food for taste 
Nothing 
Improve the food qualities and add good spices for the taste
-
Want self service 
Overall good food
Make the food delicious 
Please improve food quality 
Vbad food in mess
The food is so bad , cant keep it in my mouth
None
Please improve your food so that we can eat comfortable 
None
I think mess food more of the north taste because there are more northern people here and they should prepare the food accordingly. I know its very hard to change menu in such large scale because of the population but they should do it every 3 to 4 months as the children will be more encouraged to go to mess.
The mess should focus on quality 
Most of the times food are not good and in in the time of hostel day we not got the food properly 
Mess food is literally crap. Worst I have ever consumed in my whole life. I hate mess and mess food , money went in vain . Not even worth a penny the food they serve. No need for u to change anything better stop the mess and return our money.
I recommend you to add food which are more nutritious and tastier, chappati are not good, and every week we get idli dosa 4 times stop tha we can have this for only 2 days a week ,add some north dishes instead 
Ig more protein foods should be included in menu
Mess food is literally crap. Worst I have ever consumed in my whole life. I hate mess and mess food , money went in vain . Not even worth a penny the food they serve. No need for u to change anything better stop the mess and return our money.
The food quality must be good
Add more leafy vegetable dishes rather than puri's in the afternoon and high protein foods 
If u want students should come to mess make sure the quality should be better and u cant control students purchasing food it will just increase hate for authorities in the mind of students ... so please be tastier .. 
Good 
Do not try to coock chinese & use less oil
Currently the food is pretty trash 
Give us desserts more!(proper ones)
Why do you shut down Durga Sammi and Java at night 
More nutritious and protein rich food is needed 
Please change menu more frequently, and quality should be better than verity
Very bad food quality 
Cook food according to south indians also
Plz improve the quality of the food
Atleast make the food edible. 
open Java. or improve food
Some dishes are not given 2nd time. People who are willing to eat it are not provided with it. Meanwhile at the end of the time the food waste is eventually high. Then what's the point of of wondering about food waste?
.
Cleanliness
Clean the plates even more cleaner 
Food quality needs to improve all roti/parathas are horrible
Open Java and improve quality of mess food
Make good food pls
Cook tasty and good food please 
Focus on quality more 
Better quality 
...
Nil
Food should be bit more tastier
Do better
The food quality should be better rest all is okay. 
Please see to it that the food is edible
Kindly update the night menu ..(the updated afternoon menu is pretty good)
Please make tasty food.
please make food which is edible and tasty 
Better Dal, Oily paratha not needed, better subji, tastier food. Change menu in a few weeks, gets boring to eat same food each week for 6 months
Check out for pests and insects in food 
The food they give is very bad. Like in mattar paneer there is no paneer at all. The evening snacks are really very bad. And why you all make so much that it gets wasted also Make according to the number of students. The quality of food really needs to improve alot
Chicken gravy and Biryani can do better 
Try altering the menu and have a writer block timing for each meal
